[{"input":" long long time ago k was a pipe dream. nd people back then wrote great software. etter than great!nyone on here old enough to remember the trusty old , or  pectrum?ip, back then they had  or  k, and boy did they make the most of it! ome of the later  games were absolutely amazing! here was a fixed hardware spec that stayed constant for quite a number of years  and all learned to work around the constraints and did great things.","output":"hat's right. seful software could be squeezed into the 's tape buffer, which wasn't used if one had a floppy drive. hat was only  bytes!"},{"input":"urely people not dying is an inherently good thing?","output":"i would say no, not inherently.  for example, if i fall off a horse and end up like christopher reeve, well, i will be ready to go."},{"input":" wouldn't claim to be an experienced programmer just yet, but  think  have enough experience to comment.anguages that are purely  are great for teaching about . or doing real work, it's optimal to have multiple paradigms available so you can use whatever techniques map most cleanly to the problem you're working on. n the real world, it also helps to have good libraries that's one of the main reasons erl is still as popular as it is. like using uby for small stuff and ommon isp for big stuff. our statement about isp also applies to uby it's the most expressive nonisp language 've used.","output":"oes uby's module system not scale well?ow big is big for you?"},{"input":"ood point, but not necessarily. e could continue generating wealth faster than population growth forever and still have the above be true. hat generated wealth just couldn't fall into our hands.","output":"rticles like this always seem to make people worry about the nationality of corporations.  n  years, after ord and  have been strangled by their unions and atrocious product design, there will sill probably be car plants in merica.  hey'll make ias and oyotas, be  owned by ew ork investment banks, get their raw materials from ustralia, etc.ll of these comments are predicated on the idea that there isn't enough work to go around.  hat's ludicrous.  ork is the only thing in the world whose supply is unlimited."},{"input":"he esign atterns book only applies to  languages  so why do people keep bringing it up when talking about functional?ts like bringing it up when you are talking about car maintanance. ts just not relevant.","output":"t's relevant in teaching new concepts, especially in the bootstrapping stage.hen teaching you have to lead people on a mental journey from the known, into the unknown. hat requires words. esign patterns give us a rich vocabulary of words, and everyone seems to agree about what the words mean. t makes a wonderful foundation to build on.ere the author is trying to explain monads, an unknown concept, to a bunch of mainstream programmers. ainstreamers these days know  and design patterns. o starting from there is it possible to bootstrap some useful monad examples? pparently so. have read quite a number of monad explanations, trying to get a handle on how  might understand and use monads. his one did it for me.o  applaud the author's use of vocabulary. hat aybe example got me past the blank stare stage."},{"input":"imply put, a multicore processor has two or more computational engines within a single processor unit. he operating system sees each as a separate . oth ntel and  have released dualcore processors that are showing up in systems well within the reach of the common user.","output":"... so now we should learn to do threading."},{"input":"t seems to me that the problem must be that the confiscation and subsequent redistribution was poorly managed. cannot say  see it as a grievous historical wrong to have wealth built on slaves back be redistributed to benefit said slaves descendants at large.f course, it is better when it does not have sideeffects like starvation.n a slightly different note...  find the white people mentality from white people to be quite ludicrous.f someone noncaucasian can't be bothered to differentiate, oh well.  ut really... truly... do mericans have much more of a cherished brotherhood with ussians, anes, stonians, talians, erbians, lbanians, ortugese, and eorgians then they do with alaysians, oreans, apanese, enyans, and gyptians? define myself primarily by my ethnocultural background, and find being grouped in with white people to be on the offensive side.  here are lot of specific white people  find quite distasteful and reprehensible, and a number of mostly caucasian countries whose general trends  would characterise likewise.  eing included with white people,  really feel, puts me in some bad company. expect  have more meaningfully in common with quite a lot of noncaucasians than  do with hordes of cacuasians not of my own ethnocultural background.o, unlike most people it seems, reading about white farmers having their land confiscated does not arouse the least bit of emotion in me.ostly because white farmers, the way  read it, really stands for welltodo descendants of wealthy owners of frican slaves.  nd my ancestors going back at least a millenium, almost certainly did not own slaves of any sort, and couldn't possibly have owned african slaves due to details of history and geography.o... these poor, poor white farmers are nothing like me, though  may be caucasian, and elicit no fraternal empathy from me whatsoever.orry for the long rant... but it irritates me that there seemingly was an expectation that the description would elicit an emotional response.  nd it irritates me that from many it does, even though the most meaningful thing they have in common with said farmers is skincolour.","output":"ou're absolutely right when you comment on this use of the terminology white farmers.t is a terminology either specifically designed to spur empathy, or, at best, coming from someone who has very little respect or concern for the specific historical issues that revolve around the issue. ither way, it just debases the journalist who employs such terminology. n fact, ironically, the ones who do use those terms are just agreeing with ugabe's own distorted, hypocritical and demagogical pointofview and manipulation tactics."},{"input":"oes uby's module system not scale well?ow big is big for you?","output":"'m not the right person to ask about uby's module system.  use uby for small stuff because it's easy. uby is great for the same things people use erl and shell scripts for. t's great for quickly adding some dynamic behavior to otherwise static   like . isp is not so good for these things, but if something is going to be more than a few hundred lines, 'd rather use isp. his has more to do with the strengths of isp than the weaknesses of uby."},{"input":"hy is that ok?","output":"nowing that a breed has a tendency to be dogaggressive means that you can deal with it so it doesn't become a problem neuter the dog early, expose it to lots of other dogs while it's a puppy, repremand it immediately if it acts aggressive.ost dog breeds have traits that can cause serious problems if not handled correctly. ou should know what those traits are before you get a dog so you can properly train your dog."},{"input":"etails and facts are of little consequence in your worldaren't they?","output":"t seems like you're saying ugabe isn't so bad.  hat's up with that  do you have information to support?"},{"input":" remember fondly the hoopla she stirred up outside ush's ranch in ugust. t was a comedic political quandry for the administration they couldn't frontally attack a grieving mother of a dead soldier without abandoning the visceral highground they cherish. he was like ox ews ryptonite.nfortunately, nobody got her a political advisor, or at least a competent one, 'cause she started hanging out with ugo havez. ay to go, you just alienated your moderate supporters and are now left with the fringes that would have been there had you never existed. ope ugo made you feel special indy, 'cause you just took a big dump on the political capital that you didn't even get to spend.","output":"he's been hanging with ugo havez!?  ou mean the guy who is giving away free heating oil to poor people in the ?  iving away free stuff like that is just wrong, obviously communist and alienates moderates!"},{"input":"uch a bad choice for the name. 'll bet most people are pronouncing it youtorrent rather than mutorrent.","output":"i was pronouncing it mutorrent until the article pointed out that it was microtorrent. i'm also an idiot. micro clearly makes sense."},{"input":"'m not the right person to ask about uby's module system.  use uby for small stuff because it's easy. uby is great for the same things people use erl and shell scripts for. t's great for quickly adding some dynamic behavior to otherwise static   like . isp is not so good for these things, but if something is going to be more than a few hundred lines, 'd rather use isp. his has more to do with the strengths of isp than the weaknesses of uby.","output":"h  barely do any web programming. o wonder  haven't really run into uby. "},{"input":"o what? ho in their right mind would want to live in a country where they can be arrested for their tshirt?","output":" think it's to keep nonelected folks from influencing senate work in the chambers. bviously just outside there are armies of lobbyists, but inside only the elected officials are allowed to use their freedom of speech.o my take is that heehan gets attention for her stunt, but ultimately she knew exactly what she was doing and what the consequences would be."},{"input":"nd here  thought the article was going to be about his embarrassing articles on intelligent design.","output":"mbarrassing?  ooks to me like he was talking about human interaction, emotional investment, and the herd mentality, and pulled no more conclusion than there is no easy way to untangle these arguments.  ake your dogma for a walk, dude."},{"input":"h  barely do any web programming. o wonder  haven't really run into uby. ","output":"uby is good for most any kind of highlevel programming, but it's been getting a lot of attention lately due to the ails web framework. uby also has good tools for scripting on just about any , creating s, networking, etc...."},{"input":"oes uby's module system not scale well?ow big is big for you?","output":"osh ruby fans are sensitive..."},{"input":"ndeed, comrade. f only the fat cats would spend less time greedily pursuing evil profits, they could read the history books and see how great our system works.","output":"ndeed, hina's economy has been expanding at  pa. for the last decade."},{"input":"ndeed, hina's economy has been expanding at  pa. for the last decade.","output":"hich is irrelevant to a discussion of the efficiency of a planned economy. hina is totally hybridized w.r.t. capitalism and communism."},{"input":"ndeed, comrade. f only the fat cats would spend less time greedily pursuing evil profits, they could read the history books and see how great our system works.","output":"o the shining example of the hicago oys in inochet's hile?"},{"input":"negative filters o to prefs and check the box next to don't show sites after i've disliked them.  hen dislike anything you don't, well, like.  nd it's gone.  roblem solved.  ext?  h yes...zippit eems you've already found the solution summarize the content of the link in a comment.  f you're right and eddit needs summaries, then your comments will get lots of likes.","output":"yes, what reddit really needs is for a link bookmarked while using frames to not be made unusable when the submitter deletes it. ts happened to me already."},{"input":"everely curbed?  ou have a strange definition of 'severe'.  ou think disallowing protests in the ouse gallery during a joint session with the upreme ourt and the resident is a severe limitation to the right of free speech?nsisting that the right to protest should be extended to all places and all times is less than useful.  laiming that the ouse gallery should be available for protest without restriction is an absolutist position that seems unworkable to me.","output":" think being thrown in jail for  hours is severe.  erhaps you'd like to try it and report back whether or not you agree.  "},{"input":"t seems to me that the problem must be that the confiscation and subsequent redistribution was poorly managed. cannot say  see it as a grievous historical wrong to have wealth built on slaves back be redistributed to benefit said slaves descendants at large.f course, it is better when it does not have sideeffects like starvation.n a slightly different note...  find the white people mentality from white people to be quite ludicrous.f someone noncaucasian can't be bothered to differentiate, oh well.  ut really... truly... do mericans have much more of a cherished brotherhood with ussians, anes, stonians, talians, erbians, lbanians, ortugese, and eorgians then they do with alaysians, oreans, apanese, enyans, and gyptians? define myself primarily by my ethnocultural background, and find being grouped in with white people to be on the offensive side.  here are lot of specific white people  find quite distasteful and reprehensible, and a number of mostly caucasian countries whose general trends  would characterise likewise.  eing included with white people,  really feel, puts me in some bad company. expect  have more meaningfully in common with quite a lot of noncaucasians than  do with hordes of cacuasians not of my own ethnocultural background.o, unlike most people it seems, reading about white farmers having their land confiscated does not arouse the least bit of emotion in me.ostly because white farmers, the way  read it, really stands for welltodo descendants of wealthy owners of frican slaves.  nd my ancestors going back at least a millenium, almost certainly did not own slaves of any sort, and couldn't possibly have owned african slaves due to details of history and geography.o... these poor, poor white farmers are nothing like me, though  may be caucasian, and elicit no fraternal empathy from me whatsoever.orry for the long rant... but it irritates me that there seemingly was an expectation that the description would elicit an emotional response.  nd it irritates me that from many it does, even though the most meaningful thing they have in common with said farmers is skincolour.","output":"n an entirely personal aside, 'd like to point out that  really appreciate your comments on reddit.  imagine we disagree on many of the various controversial issues, but  never feel that your comments are childish or reactionary.eddit doesn't have a space for personal communication, so 'll take this one. 'd google you, but rah isn't googleable."},{"input":"ou're completely ignoring freedom of the individual. aybe someone else would be better at making my decisions for me. owever, that gives him no right to force me to submit to his will.","output":"ho better to make your decisions than someone you elect?"},{"input":"oubleplusgood, citizen!","output":"omrade.  ou mean, doubleplusgood, comrade!  "},{"input":"he reason the article deserves to me modded down is that it is very short, biased and uninformative.","output":"ou are right. modded it up primarily because  think it is fostering interesting discussions."},{"input":"ugabe and the idiots who voted him into power got what they deserved.  ets see how long it takes them to beg for food from the colonial powers.   ait,  forgot, outh frica will probably end up paying for everything again...","output":"hat about all the idiots who stayed home to protest ugabe's rigging the vote?"},{"input":"ou've just totally mischaracterized the merican outh.  t's not like that here.  'd say only about half the population is really unhappy about the 'mestizo invasion', which has been important economically regardless.  lackonblack crime is much more common than blackonwhite crime.  nd if the mass media is controlled by an elite that's hostile to the majority, that would make it a lot like plantation farming, wouldn't it?","output":"ica's point was that the outherners of long ago would not have given up.he modern day population is different, and thinks differently. he now dead outherners would not be happy at all to see how things are. he interesting thing about outh frica is that the people who decided to throw in the towel are still alive."},{"input":"ica's point was that the outherners of long ago would not have given up.he modern day population is different, and thinks differently. he now dead outherners would not be happy at all to see how things are. he interesting thing about outh frica is that the people who decided to throw in the towel are still alive.","output":"nd if eorge ashington could see ew ork or .., he'd go nuts."},{"input":"nly the most paranoid clients phone me in my sleep.  reg gan, uarantine","output":" wonder why it was modded down. as this a less valid contribution than any of the others? r is there just a regg gan hater in the house."},{"input":"'m no fan of ox  far from it  but it was ee ub that said it first, not ox.","output":". hey document how the hite ouse started spinning it and ox fell in line."},{"input":"omrade.  ou mean, doubleplusgood, comrade!  ","output":"e have always said citizen, citizen."},{"input":"ho better to make your decisions than someone you elect?","output":"hhh... me."},{"input":"here is no prohibition against shirts with slogans on them.    hat, nitwit, is the point.  he police apologized for tossing her in jail.","output":"here is a prohibition on protests and demonstrations on the capital grounds.  t seems that the apital olice has now decided that teeshirts are not protests as they first stated.  , they've changed their story.  'll support them either way and defer to their judgment.ven so, the expulsion of heehan and oung does not cause me to worry about free speech in this country.n the aza trip armed gunmen took over some  offices because of a political cartoon!  he newspaper in enmark that published the cartoons has received a bomb threat.  rab countries have withdrawn ambassadors.hich of these two situations is better evidence of intolerance of free speech?"},{"input":"ext to www.pandora.com  think aunch is the best system out there for discovering new music. eople always focus on it's online selection of music but the real beauty of yahoo music is helping you discover new music.","output":"www.last.fm rules them all!"},{"input":"hhh... me.","output":"he way to get the best decisions made about running the ritish ailway system is to put you in charge?"},{"input":"he was only asked to leave, though, not arrested.","output":"es, that is a bit disturbing."},{"input":"ave we met before? n digg perhaps?","output":"o,  don't think so, why?"},{"input":"omestic pying is as loaded a term as errorist urveillance. f you're going to bash someone, can't you choose some better wording for your title.  don't like when  see my allies in this surveillance without warrant argument botching it so badly.","output":" myself bemoan the level of screechyheadedness that permeates merican politics, but 'm going to have to disagree with you.hen someone illegally puts me under surveillance, they are spying on me."},{"input":" better headline makes all the difference...although we should have caught the dupe in the first place.","output":"ctually  submitted this with a similar headline a while ago, it kept getting dislikes so  deleted it.   guess  shouldn't have given up so easily."},{"input":"eez. o what's the website address?","output":"oogle is your friend.  cellphone tracking turns up several likelylooking candidates, though that's not to say he used one of those."},{"input":"ow that's sneaky posting an article on eddit that on its turn links to a list aul raham and uy awasaki articles... mmm...","output":"ho are aul raham and uy awasaki?  o these names often come up here?"},{"input":"y work filter flagged this nsfw.","output":"your work treats you like a two yearold."},{"input":"ow, how cool is that!!!!","output":"ext time 'm using a sausage as a push stick,  can rest assured that the sausage is still edible afterwords. his has been a major issue in my workshop. ots of brats shredded by table saw accidents. f they're so convinced it works, let's see the inventors fingers  and not a cheap hotdog."},{"input":"hat are the languages?   don't want to bother.","output":"unctional languages."},{"input":"emember you're theoretically writing this to the smartest, busiest person you know, that's not a theory in my case.  actually don't know anybody.","output":"areful... that also makes you the dumbest, laziest person you know."},{"input":"emocracy is more than just elections. ","output":"ood government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of those who govern. he machinery of government is always subordinate to the will of those who administer that machinery. he most important element of government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders. feel that has quite a point, since past elections the demo part of democracy is hard pressed to have much more effect.h, and  would feel very nerdy quoting that, but  haven't read it"},{"input":"hat are the languages?   don't want to bother.","output":"he languages haven't been written yet. ut we do have lots of good concepts which have been tested in languages like askell and , which could really help game development scale better. unctional programming is especially useful when dealing with parallelism, and that's one of the big things im weeney is after."},{"input":"ou guys want to take this budding little love affair offline?","output":"o thanks."},{"input":"rticles like this always seem to make people worry about the nationality of corporations.  n  years, after ord and  have been strangled by their unions and atrocious product design, there will sill probably be car plants in merica.  hey'll make ias and oyotas, be  owned by ew ork investment banks, get their raw materials from ustralia, etc.ll of these comments are predicated on the idea that there isn't enough work to go around.  hat's ludicrous.  ork is the only thing in the world whose supply is unlimited.","output":"hat you're saying is true, but my concern isn't with nationality of corporations. y concern is with class and property. f rich people do a good job of owning everything, median living standards could fall while nethumanwealth increases.e could be stuck with what a akistani brickmaker would consider to be prosperity while  of the population controls the wealth."},{"input":"he second link is from une , the first one seems legit.","output":"ou're right, except that they're both 'legit'... was trying to show that the  had not changed in . years.   guess between  of mericans watch aux ews..."},{"input":"'simplistic enough to be inane'? ne of the most infuriating things in software dev today? houghtless meritocracy. 'ire the smartest .' 'f they're not real hackers, don't let them in the building.' 'f you don't understand closures, you're not a real programmer.'hat happens to the less smart  you don't hire? illions of lines of code are written every year by developers who are just about good enough, who produce software that's just about good enough, that just about does the job. o maybe they should be better. hen we need to work to help to make them better, not write them off as unworthy mortals.  can think of half a dozen folk 've worked with who produce goodenough but shabby internal production apps who'd benefit from the rather basic advice in the rish ev etwork article. 'real programmer' is someone who writes programs that are 'really used'. e'd do ourselves a lot of favours by not using it to mean 'exceptional coder', 'master craftsman', 'senior dev', 'guru in the making'...","output":"he author seems to be up in arms rather about the secrets and not the successful. his is fair game  think. "},{"input":"t's funny how the whole article looks at how things are different now but doesn't talk much about how the changes are also making things worse.e may be making more money as a nation but the wealth divide is growing.   don't think that's necessarily a bad thing as long as people aren't starving but the home ownership numbers are going up even as median wages after inflation are headed down.he question is whether or not the unravelling housing bubble will take the rest of the economy with it.","output":"nd the government is growing faster than ever.  ig government is incompatible with a healthy economy, and it's just going to get worse."},{"input":"mall world ...  went to high school with that guy ...","output":"the disappearing one?"},{"input":". eople were offended, so the paper apologised. hey didn't selfcensor. pology ! selfcensorship.. he yllands osten had a perfect right to publish the cartoons. ffended uslims had a perfect right to boycott anish goods.. 'ther major papers, it seems, are cowering out of fear of triggering a boycott and endangering the profits of gummy bears and erman coffee filters in rabic countries.' ossibly but possibly they're not printing the cartoons because they're not especially good or funny.","output":"oes being offended give the offendees license to abduct, threaten and attempt to injure or kill? ecause in case you haven't been following the stories too closely, that's exactly what people are doing. oycotts, apologies, ok fine. ut there are people out there who are looking to kill any random ane they find because of the weak association of sharing a nation with the paper that published these cartoons. ike most extremism, it's the most specious of reasoning justifying the most heinous of reactions."},{"input":"bandwidth limit exceeded","output":"'ll mirror and resubmit if it doesn't sort itself out tonight."},{"input":"et another one to the list of obviousthingsanyoneshoulddo.  am waiting to the blog post that says smart people shower, smart people breath, etc.","output":"et many people don't do this, unfortunately."},{"input":" can't believe this.  'm at a loss for words.ell, this is one merican who is saying, upport enmark  uy anish!","output":"ere's another. his is just bizarre."},{"input":" find the .. stance on this repugnant.  'm at a loss.  his is the sort of free speech that is... or rather was... a pillar of liberty for the nation.  hat has happened to us?","output":"very government is a parliament of whores. he trouble is, in a democracy, the whores are us.     'ourke"},{"input":"gtf course, the industry, forever the idiots, have been lobbying pple to raise its prices at the iunes store and even want a slice of iod revenues. he ridiculousness of this request cannot be overstated.his is because the music industry is used to be treated like babies.   don't know about in the , but in anada the ecord ompanies get a cut everytime a blank tape is sold.","output":"but in anada the ecord ompanies get a cut everytime a blank tape is soldre you serious? an you verify with a link?  anadian in oronto"},{"input":"here's something like a billion and a half uslims in the world. hat's a quarter of everyone there is. rom a quick look at the census figures,  of the population in ussia are uslim  in ndia,  in rance,  in the , . in merica.re you really saying the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing?","output":" would say that they sympathize with those notions.hen you have people singing pop music about killing ews and children being taught by their elders the sama bin aden is a hero and that if you die while killing infidels you'll get  virgins when you go to eaven, then you are seeing a culture of hate and death. hy is it that thousands of people will show up to a town square to scream for the death of mericans because someone put a oran in a toilet?  'm sure that there have been people who've torn off pages of the ew estament and used them to wipe their bottoms, but erry alwell doesn't go on  and tell his followers to kill them.e are dealing with a culture in which the agenda is being set by bloodyminded perverts who can count on the ignorance and bigotry of their followers.  hat is why  can say with absolute confidence that the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing."},{"input":"our karma is , doesn't seem so bad ","output":"t's not bad, but that's nothing to do with the score of my comments or the score of articles recommended for me."},{"input":"his'll be a nice one for the evolutionists to explain ","output":"'ll give it a try. he wasp evolved this behavior in order to ensure easier reproduction. t was probably a cockroach eating wasp that already went for the head to kill quickly. hen by a freak accident a wasp was genetically predisposed to zombifiying and then laying eggs inside the roach. hen later on the behavior evolved where the wasp's offspring would have a better change of survival if the wasp managed to control where the roach went to avoid predators. ver time, predators killed all the population of that type of wasps without that behavior and voila."},{"input":"verview of how ahoo and oogle's core businesses work.","output":"and?"},{"input":"he best blog  of ixel sites.","output":"l peor blog, quieres decir."},{"input":"ue raham's essay on writing essays.","output":"gt ue raham's essay on writing essays.nspired by that,  have been writing an essay on writing an essay on writing essays. nfortunately,  haven't figured out what the base case is, so  can't seem to finish."},{"input":"here's some content, if you can get over the snarky tone.  hich is a bit hard to do.  y irony meter went off the charts where he said that the original tips were simplistic, then for his own personal op  tips for being a successful programmer, he says learn how to program well.  h, gotcha.","output":" am pretty sure we could just make it implicit that earn how to do  well is a good tip for all cases of ."},{"input":" would say that they sympathize with those notions.hen you have people singing pop music about killing ews and children being taught by their elders the sama bin aden is a hero and that if you die while killing infidels you'll get  virgins when you go to eaven, then you are seeing a culture of hate and death. hy is it that thousands of people will show up to a town square to scream for the death of mericans because someone put a oran in a toilet?  'm sure that there have been people who've torn off pages of the ew estament and used them to wipe their bottoms, but erry alwell doesn't go on  and tell his followers to kill them.e are dealing with a culture in which the agenda is being set by bloodyminded perverts who can count on the ignorance and bigotry of their followers.  hat is why  can say with absolute confidence that the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing.","output":"'hen you have people singing pop music about killing ews and children being taught by their elders the sama bin aden is a hero and that if you die while killing infidels you'll get  virgins when you go to eaven, then you are seeing a culture of hate and death.' think you're describing alestine and ran  highly publicised and exceptional cases in the iddle ast. ou may be aware that less than  of uslims live in the iddle ast. hese pathologies aren't exactly common in ussia, ndia, rance or the .' can say with absolute confidence that the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing.ould you give some evidence that the majority of uslims in countries outside the iddle ast  the other   are doing this?"},{"input":"'hen you have people singing pop music about killing ews and children being taught by their elders the sama bin aden is a hero and that if you die while killing infidels you'll get  virgins when you go to eaven, then you are seeing a culture of hate and death.' think you're describing alestine and ran  highly publicised and exceptional cases in the iddle ast. ou may be aware that less than  of uslims live in the iddle ast. hese pathologies aren't exactly common in ussia, ndia, rance or the .' can say with absolute confidence that the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing.ould you give some evidence that the majority of uslims in countries outside the iddle ast  the other   are doing this?","output":"happytheman sayshese pathologies aren't exactly common in ussia, ndia, rance or the .ussia eslanndia ashmirrance aris riots uly th subway bombingso what is your point?"},{"input":"whoah!  she's hot.","output":" think  see a nipple there."},{"input":" find the .. stance on this repugnant.  'm at a loss.  his is the sort of free speech that is... or rather was... a pillar of liberty for the nation.  hat has happened to us?","output":" wonder what the policy on racist or sexist cartoons are for merican newspapers?"},{"input":"hiva, not hakti.","output":"es.  realized it shortly aafter  posted. 'd fix it if  could. orry."},{"input":"whoah!  she's hot.","output":"uess that proves the theory that average faces look prettier."},{"input":"ome earlier attempts today tried to do just that. orante couldn't handle the load and boing boing could.","output":"oh.  well, that explains it, then."},{"input":"hat a lot of alarmist nonsense.","output":"et's hope you're right."},{"input":"hat  don't like about the page is, it makes statements in the words under the pictures without backing them up with arguments.","output":" got the impression that the author of the text is at least as biased towards blindly believing ews are always good as the authors of the cartoons are biased towards believing ews are always bad. f course both views are equally wrong, there are good and bad ews as there are good and bad people  in any subset of the human race."},{"input":"f  manage to do anything real with ommon isp one day, consider his point proven. ntil that day, the jury is out.","output":" guess you will have to try yourself. f you only accept your own achievement as proof while at the same time refusing to try you can bathe in your ignorance for a long time."},{"input":"n my opinion, if they're so confident it works, they should run it into their own fingers, not a hot dog.","output":"y thoughts exactly.  had read somewhere that the guy did test it on his finger, and  was hoping their website had that video. o such luck.here's probably a disclaimer, awtop only works on frozen hotdogs. e are not responsible for any injuries occured while using awtop."},{"input":" got the impression that the author of the text is at least as biased towards blindly believing ews are always good as the authors of the cartoons are biased towards believing ews are always bad. f course both views are equally wrong, there are good and bad ews as there are good and bad people  in any subset of the human race.","output":"owever those cartoons make hypocrites of rabs who say we should not offend religions."},{"input":"n my opinion, if they're so confident it works, they should run it into their own fingers, not a hot dog.","output":" suspect blood in a marketing video isn't going to help sell power tools."},{"input":"y thoughts exactly.  had read somewhere that the guy did test it on his finger, and  was hoping their website had that video. o such luck.here's probably a disclaimer, awtop only works on frozen hotdogs. e are not responsible for any injuries occured while using awtop.","output":"j.p.,he nc. article below describes how he tested it on his own finger in ."},{"input":"gt  don't imagine one way or the other, in all fairness your making the assumptions not me.  know the uslim faith at this moment has been hijacked by extremists, but what  don't know is how many normal every day uslims actually support them. his atleast in my case is impossible to find out.hy do you say its been hijacked? heir violence is no different than that of uhammad and the immediate uslim leaders that followed him over the next  years.","output":"an you have got to find out a little bit more about the social and political history of that region. verything to you is about my eligion is better than yours. he fact is, these fanatics did not have the control they have now a generation ago."},{"input":"hat do you propose they do? hey are a tiny nation that is surrounded by a bunch of nations that hate them and regularly kill their people through suicide bombings and other assorted actions. eed  remind you that srael didn't even start doing this stuff until the entire rab world tried to wipe them out in ? hat's the kind of stuff they have to put up with on a day to day basis.our ethnic cleansing statement is way off, and though the sraeli government does take harsh actions, it has to. t can't just stand by and be run over.","output":"n what way is his ethnic cleansing statement way off?  rom what 've heard, the alestinians literally have deeds to large amounts of land in what is now srael, and the current government won't let them back in because the government could then no longer be both democratic and have a state religion.  sn't this so?"},{"input":"if the rabs wanted peace, they'd use ahndi's strategy to win.he alestinians don't want 'peace', they want their country back  and that doesn't mean an archipelago of bantustans surrounded by tanks.  like the fact that you feel qualified to prescribe someone's philosophy without checking how to spell his name. eep.","output":"ou would have done better to end with tanks.  hen you go on to make fun of the guy for a typo, you just seem desperate."},{"input":"n what way is his ethnic cleansing statement way off?  rom what 've heard, the alestinians literally have deeds to large amounts of land in what is now srael, and the current government won't let them back in because the government could then no longer be both democratic and have a state religion.  sn't this so?","output":"gt ...and the current government won't let them back in because the government could then no longer be both democratic and have a state religion.srael does not have a state religion. nfact, much of the government is composed of secular ews."},{"input":" dilemma.  decent article but  must vote it down on principle. itle in all caps, you know.","output":"t's in all caps in the page amplttitleampgt too, so in this case  think it was just a matter of negligence on the submitter's part rather than an overt attempt at attentiongrabbing."},{"input":"an you have got to find out a little bit more about the social and political history of that region. verything to you is about my eligion is better than yours. he fact is, these fanatics did not have the control they have now a generation ago.","output":"gt an you have got to find out a little bit more about the social and political history of that region. verything to you is about my eligion is better than yours. know quite a bit about the social and political history of slam, and there is no one who will deny that uhammad spread slam by the sword and that slam reached its peak through warfare.'m not trying to say anything about my religion is better than yours, 'm just observing what happened in history."},{"input":"e, too. still watch about two hours a week, when those shows are on and if  don't forget.","output":"e too. thought  had quit television, but realized 've just replaced it with internet.  defintely zone out in front of blogs and news sites."},{"input":" feel just horrible for this cat.","output":"yeah, i was kind of miffed.  throwing a cat at a wall is never cool, gravity or no."},{"input":"e need a  ilter","output":"mm  would love a  politics filter too.  hope reddit implements some kind of learning filter which demotes the kind of sites  always vote down"},{"input":"oming to this space comments on the importance of picking a good headline.","output":"en dozen centerfolds laying on top of each other? houldn't this have been posted at nsfw.reddit.com?"},{"input":" got the impression that the author of the text is at least as biased towards blindly believing ews are always good as the authors of the cartoons are biased towards believing ews are always bad. f course both views are equally wrong, there are good and bad ews as there are good and bad people  in any subset of the human race.","output":"hat gave you that impression?  s far as  cant tell it is just a series of factual statements about what the cartoons are depicting, no?"},{"input":"ut you in half? ou've been watching that erman spoof safety video too much again.","output":"o joke.  used to work at a lumberyard and was nearly run through with a flying piece of wood caught between the fence and the blade. t was a piece of cedar  was ripping. he blade got quite hot, bound just a bit and the  wide and  foot long strip expelled from the saw with such a speed that  had no clue what happened.  was even looking right at it, but the thing moved so fast  couldn't tell what happened.  found it lying ' away. t flew nearly perfectly flat for ', dropping not more than  over that distance. ince objects moving horizontally fall towards the ground at the same speed as objects falling straight down, 'm guessing that for a board to cross ' and drop  it needs to be moving like a motherfuckering tornado shank. y face was but ' from the board, my hands about  from it, when the thing went wooosh."},{"input":"ou can't be mass murderer and humanist at the same time. nd what is astro doing in that list?","output":"ll those cigars  lung cancer. iller."},{"input":"his'll be a nice one for the evolutionists to explain ","output":" wonder if  see troll."},{"input":"nd how can we forget the greatest arab contribution fermented beverages.  people that invented algebra surely needed some balance in life.","output":"ctually the umerians were the first culture we know of making beer.  hey were not ethnic rabs, though they were in the ancient near east.  , it is against most schools of slamic law to drink alcohol, most of the schools that do permit it are in countries that slam assimilated later, hina, alaysia, etc."},{"input":"sking questions is an obvious thing that many smart people fail to do, but something his article did not go into more depth about is why smart people don't ask questions. his is a problem in our educational system e are taught to know the right answer and not to think our way to the solution.here was an article a couple days ago about a teacher using the ocratic method to teach students binary math.  believe we could become much more productive as a society if our children were introduced to subjects by asking thoughtful questions that lead their minds in the correct direction for the topic.","output":"his article has reduced something to a singularity  it's not so much about asking questions, but instead being engaged in learning. hat's what you're suggesting. eople who are engaged in learning take ownership in the experience. nsuring they have asked questions to fill in the gaps in their mind is part. hat isn't something unique to smart people, but involved learners."},{"input":"ou can't be mass murderer and humanist at the same time. nd what is astro doing in that list?","output":"ethinks these gentlemen have a very, to put it simply, odd definition of humanism.hese men you speak of  secularists, yes. umanists? eck no."},{"input":"probably north korea","output":"ot so good with the geography, huh?"},{"input":"egarding apan... you're kidding, right?","output":"i'd like to know... please tell."},{"input":"hich wars in particular are you talking about which the hristian's ar achines caused violent destruction?irst orld ar? uropeans invade each other's countries. ot in the name of hristianityecond orld ar? ascists try to take over the world. ascists rejected hristianity wholesale. est of the world beats them.old ar? ommunists start taking over urope. est gets concerned and arms. o particular hristian perspective to the war, except the ommunists banned all religions.ietnam ar? orth ietnam funded by hina attempts to annex outh ietnam. fter a few years everyone in merica gets tired of it and goes home. an't see the hristian context there?he  ulf ars? ver raq nvading uwait and the search for s. gain no particular hristian endorsement. n fact most hurch leaders where quite antiwar.ethinks you've mixed up hristianity with the est. hey are different you know. ot every decision made in the est is automatically hristian.","output":" missed this earlier   posted something similar above, with some numbers.  ost of the really brutal decisions were made by people who would have been offended to be called hristian."},{"input":"i'd like to know... please tell.","output":"ou're kidding too, right?"},{"input":"ut you in half? ou've been watching that erman spoof safety video too much again.","output":"h, no. nyone who's worked in carpentry knows that a large table saw can easily kill you. t can send a x through you like it was a javelin."},{"input":"he officer corps is also being hollowed out, as younger officers quit in such numbers that  percent of those remaining are automatically moved up the ladder. or example, last year the rmy promoted  percent of all eligible captains, up from as historical average of  percent to  percent.hat's worries me the eter principle meets an organization with a halftrillion dollar budget and lots of guns.","output":"n a warzone?  hat do we think will happen to the real incompetents?  int probably not some kind of slow learner remedial training program."},{"input":"ne little thing  wish to point out here. t's quite telling that this publication is using the poisoned term pirate in reference to what these litigious companies are doing. hey are casting an aspersion on a legal activity. rankly,  expected a bit more objectivity coming from an entity associating itself with ... think these patent pirates are a fabulous conclusion to a completely broken patent system. y hitting large companies right in their pocketbooks, we will finally see some needed changes in the patent system. ur welllobbied representatives in ongress will make sure of that.","output":"es, yes. 'm sure they'll change the patent system so that it's completely equitable and doesn't add unnecessary market barriers for smaller companies."},{"input":"s late as the th century, the oran was open to interpretation, too. verroes wrote a famous treatise about slam and science where he said that if the oran appeared to conflict with a scientific fact, then the common interpretation of the oran must be wrong. don't understand how it works today.","output":" thought he didn't say it was open to interpretation, just that it described a different reality..g. there is the natural world and the world of the oran. he oran, when it doesn't concur with the natural world, doesn't apply.o the oran is still not open to interpretation it just concerns a world that isn't our world.  bit like string theory, or some other seemingly unprovable system.hat's quite almudic, no?"},{"input":"ou're kidding too, right?","output":"as the names agasaki and iroshima no meaning in your mind?"},{"input":"he problem with the reddit system is the do gooder types that have this idea that you cannot criticize a link. ay anything good about the link, but don't dare say that the link is quite awful.","output":"haha, so a simulation of politics of sorts?"},{"input":"s it that they won't grow up or that they refuse to give up their souls and become part of the machine? pity the author's child.","output":" didn't read the whole article as he repeats himself to often but does he mention anywhere what he considers appropriate adult behaviour? fter his list of childish behaviour there isn't much left that could be considered fun, basically just work. ould he prefer all adults to sit in front of the  and do nothing after work?"},{"input":"gt ...and the current government won't let them back in because the government could then no longer be both democratic and have a state religion.srael does not have a state religion. nfact, much of the government is composed of secular ews.","output":"t very much does have a state religion. onews cannot naturalize as sraeli citizens without converting. any areas of sraeli law are based on halkha and talmudic law. srael's single greatest problem is it's inability to resolve a secular identity with these and other facts that make nonjews secondclass citizens. f srael were to become properly secular, ewish sraelis may find themselves outnumbered over time and in the same position they were in urope early last century  a persecuted minority."},{"input":"hile  agree with what you say, to be fair, pica didn't say anything about ush or how linton compares to any other presidents.","output":"ou're right."},{"input":" suspect that would be a violation of the terms of the labor agreement after last month's strike.","output":"asdasd"},{"input":"asdasd","output":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test"},{"input":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test","output":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test"},{"input":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test","output":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test"},{"input":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test","output":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test"},{"input":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test","output":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test"},{"input":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test","output":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test"},{"input":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test","output":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test"},{"input":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test","output":"test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test"},{"input":"atex anyone?","output":"hat was my first thought exactly. owever, the article appears to be aimed at users who may not necessarily be very technically proficient. hile  could not work without ae, it does have a steep learning curve for new users."},{"input":"anual tampering,  suspect.  rag your mouse over the link.  n all the others you see the destination.  n this one you see eddit's tracking .","output":"nd no sooner do  post that than they fix it."},{"input":"nd how can we forget the greatest arab contribution fermented beverages.  people that invented algebra surely needed some balance in life.","output":"hat you mean is distilled, not fermented."},{"input":"unny the slamic world would certainly have never bought these things in the first placearlsberg and uborg eers.anish rown hams ... baby back ribs, because they come from enmark. ","output":"xactly what  was thinking. eer and pork? f owa or isconsin was threatening a boycott, then it's time for the anes to get worried. ut the muslim world?"},{"input":"h no, but what's going to happen to all those marvelous 'orld's reatest olice hase' shows?","output":"hat guy, the knuckle dragging narrator, started doing other shows. rain recks! or something was the title of one home video smashup thing that was on the other night with him as narrator."},{"input":"t's ingeneusly simple.  love hearing about things like that.","output":"t's also remarkably hard to beat. f you write a computer program to just flash the screen black and white over and over again, it won't help you beat uck unt. t'll just give you a headache, because you can't get the timing right without some electronic communications between the intendo and your computer program."},{"input":"t would have been nice if this guy had spoken up at the time.","output":"his article does not indicate if the guy knew, prior to owell's speech, that the info was wrong.  n other words, is he saying he was in on a hoax, or that he was an unknowing participant?uess 'll have to watch ."},{"input":"very good point.  'll remember that.  ne thing  forgot to notechez is actually among the slower schemes, isn't it?  his guy might have done better to use zcheme, which has a truly excellent numerical tower.","output":"e just used cheme to design his algorithm, which he rewrote in . t doesn't really matter how fast his cheme implemnetation is."},{"input":"e just used cheme to design his algorithm, which he rewrote in . t doesn't really matter how fast his cheme implemnetation is.","output":"duh.  good point.   wonder what the difference in speed was between his final  version and the scheme would have been?"},{"input":"e just used cheme to design his algorithm, which he rewrote in . t doesn't really matter how fast his cheme implemnetation is.","output":"hough  know mzscheme has a  compiler and probably others.  so it would have been interesting to see how his  version compared to the automatically generated one."},{"input":"ok then i guess i'll have to pull  out of my bag of tricks","output":" don't know , so please elaborate."},{"input":"here were cheap preduckhunt games that made this more obvious.   tape played images where the targets had flashing elements, and you'd get a gun with a little  that displayed how many times you shot a flashing target.o  figured duck hunt out on my own by watching the screen carefully. ren't  smart.","output":"es, any idiot could have figured it out just by playing the game. othing too amazing here."},{"input":" think the question one has to ask oneself is wherever bmw is the authority on bmw topic  and hence has the right to be at the top of search results? nd judging by the previous high ranki this site used to have, the answer seems to be yes. fter all, doorway pages do not affect the page rank or the placing of pages they only affect listed keywords and the ability of people to find you using a broader set of words.","output":"hat's a general issue, and genreally unanswerable by any search engine people's critera vary.  certainly expect the  site when  search for ."},{"input":"earches still work as you'd expect.","output":"adly, we no longer seem to be able to get oogle! monthly updates anymore. mmm, wonder how we'll keep uptodate with what they're doing "},{"input":"egarding apan... you're kidding, right?","output":" always thought evada, ikini sland, and hernobyl have stronger impressions in mericans of being radioactive than a country that has one of the longest life expectancies in the world."},{"input":"the toy is cool, but the video isn't.  it would be a lot better with a little editing, and without the vapid background music.","output":"ah, the music is cool, in a retros kinda way. t's the soundtrack used in opun.iiiiighway tooo the  ! iiiiiide intoooo the  !"},{"input":"unction over usability is the philosophy of inux and  apps in general. o there is no way  would win out on the intuitive front. know  will get mod to oblivian for this. ut the truth has to be spoken.","output":"ctually it is more like usability for powerusers over learnability but  guess you mean that."},{"input":"hat was my first thought exactly. owever, the article appears to be aimed at users who may not necessarily be very technically proficient. hile  could not work without ae, it does have a steep learning curve for new users.","output":"agreed. t is just a matter of starting. ou end up having a good amount of files that you reuse and reuse."},{"input":"hy is there a russian post on here?    !","output":"nack p dansk eller luk dine munn!li r  slensku ea lokau  r tjllanum.ho wants to yield their tongue to the monotoniush english?!"},{"input":"nteresting, it isn't necessarily a solid mathematical formula, but gives you a good framework for thinking about how efficiently you're spending your time on various tasks.  robably too simplistic if you're someone who actually creates formulas for determining productivity though.","output":"rue, but a solid mathematical formula probably would be overkill when it comes to deciding if  should change my oil myself or have the service center do it."},{"input":" friend of mine lost his thumb to a table saw last year.  aybe  should show him this article ... if it were me, 'd seriously consider suing for failure to adopt this tech.","output":"hy didn't he adopt this tech by replacing his saw with a awtop saw?  hey were available before his accident."},{"input":"anual tampering,  suspect.  rag your mouse over the link.  n all the others you see the destination.  n this one you see eddit's tracking .","output":"o manual tampering one way or the other... t's just a regex that fell through the cracks."},{"input":"t is not clear that it is even done all that cheaply, you have to replace the stopping mechanism after each use as  read the website and  am guessing you may need to replace the blade. owever, 'll stick with my conspiracy theory, as soon as  saw the video  guessed it could be done using the same technology for a touch lamp. nd any engineer can imagine  ways to stop a spinning blade fast. irst, you have to want to do it!","output":"ou do need to replace the bade the brake stops the blade by slamming a block of aluminum in to it.  don't think it really matters though. et's say it costs  every time this thing stops. t's probably less. ow much is your finger worth? ould you let me cut off one of your fingers for ?"},{"input":". behaviour was bad, but the unbiased data is that now peoplesearching for bmw germany are no longer getting the right result. n this particular case is not clear if google is helping users to find the right site.  think search egines should have algorithms that are able to computehow search results are returned without human attendance of theform ey, this site is using bad stuff, remove it from the index.n a prefect world the algorithm for search results should be at thesame time public and impossible to cheat, like belived secure cryptoalgorithms. f this is not possible at least  think it is a good ideato write an algorithm and let it run without humans verdicts.emoving sites from the index by hand is for search engine likeall that ugly conditional expressions used in spaghetti code to handlespecial stuff in the code flow ","output":"uild something foolproof and they build a better fool. here will probably always be dirty tricks, and  think this is the best way to deal with people who use them. he purpose of delisting isn't to improve search results in the short term, but to improve them in the long term by punishing abusive behavior."},{"input":" probably should have, but 've never worked with any of them before so the learning curve would probably have cancelled out the time benefit.  ike  said in the essay uile's  interface is pretty good, so doing the treebuilding in  wasn't really much of a hardship.","output":"igloo's regular parsing library is so close to  that the ramp up time would be entirely negligable. 'm not sure about uile or zcheme, though."},{"input":"he problem with the reddit system is the do gooder types that have this idea that you cannot criticize a link. ay anything good about the link, but don't dare say that the link is quite awful.","output":"you can criticize a link, but you have to be respectful.  the comment you just made is a good counterexample do gooder types is not respectful, and neither is your use of sarcasm.it's easy to be respectful when you're making a positive comment on something you agree with, but much harder when you're disagreeing."},{"input":"hy didn't he adopt this tech by replacing his saw with a awtop saw?  hey were available before his accident.","output":" was imprecise with my recollection of the date.  t was ctober .  he awtop shipped in ovember .ven if it had been later, such a small company would likely have not sufficiently permeated the sawbuying consciousness.  'd never heard of them before today."},{"input":"his proves again why conspiracy theories are false. veryone takes every opportunity to blab after the event.","output":"ow does it relate to the conspiracy theories?  don't understand your point."},{"input":"what's the name of the song playing in the background?   had it stuck in my head a few months ago.","output":"ar ehind by andlebox"},{"input":"  to  ?! here's no way that there's that much inefficiency in an automatic transmission. standard transmission is only a few  more efficient than  an automatic at highway speeds. nd a standard transmission is about as efficient as a transmission can get. t's a direct mechanical link between the engine and the wheels. o where is this magical  increase in efficiency coming from?","output":" suspect the gains from a good continuously variable transmission would be more significant in city driving than highway, but  seriously doubt it would beat a manual by any more than a manual beats an automatic."},{"input":"hey named a compiler after talin? sn't that, well, a little obscene? re there any named after itler?","output":"t is short for atic anguage mplementatio.t makes sense, when you compare it with ylan. "},{"input":"l peor blog, quieres decir.","output":"onoces alguno mejor del tema?"},{"input":"e took , words to say thiseligion exists because children believe what their parents tell them, right or wrong.ow. an  get my oxford appointment now? 'm a little tired of the same old cruft on reddit. hankfully, the ecommended tab doesn't include this kind of redundancy too often.","output":"bviously awkins has no children. hildren tend to believe the exact opposite of what you tell them."},{"input":"ow does it relate to the conspiracy theories?  don't understand your point.","output":"his is one guy that wants to feel safe from all conspiracy theories because one other guy actually admits to participating in a conspiracy."},{"input":" was imprecise with my recollection of the date.  t was ctober .  he awtop shipped in ovember .ven if it had been later, such a small company would likely have not sufficiently permeated the sawbuying consciousness.  'd never heard of them before today.","output":"o when did he buy the table saw on which the accident occured?  oes he have additional safety equipment installed on it?  oes he have a power feed so that his hands don't need to go near the blade on many cuts?  as he using a push stick, a blade guard, a splitter, safety glasses, zero clearance insert?"},{"input":"hat guy, the knuckle dragging narrator, started doing other shows. rain recks! or something was the title of one home video smashup thing that was on the other night with him as narrator.","output":"....... !"},{"input":" like the ! on the end, a tribute to one of their competitors perhaps?","output":"nybody know the precise date they dropped the !?"},{"input":" think the key word is early.","output":"ou nailed it.  f we spy on , and find  guy who's plotting another attack, we have done due diligence in protecting the merican people.  orry for the loss of liberty, but we've got to take reasonable precaution.   do a lot of overseas calls, but have nothing to hide.  nybody that wants can listen away."},{"input":" friend of mine lost his thumb to a table saw last year.  aybe  should show him this article ... if it were me, 'd seriously consider suing for failure to adopt this tech.","output":"an someone explain to me. ou are working with a tool having an exposed saw blade that revolves hundreds av turns a second. t is used to cut thing that is a lot tougher than a finger.ou use it eventhough there are other tools that are more safe, probably because it is faster.ow can you sue the manufacturer for this? t is not like there are any hidden threats.he analogy with the car industry is not valid. olvo made it self a very good name by building safe cars. here was no  government that forced them do it. olvo was perhaps not a pioneer but they certainly sold a lot to safe seeking parents with small children.his suing paranoia in  is very hard to understand for the rest of the world."},{"input":"s it me or was this article written very, very, very, very, very, very, very poorly? n second reading, no, it's not me, it's the writer.","output":"ot enough 'verys' in that sentence to convey how incredibly poorly that article was written.  'm glad somebody else noticed it, too!"},{"input":"ow did you substitute the  with the text hat f isney's rize asn't ixar, but obs?","output":"reddit did it automatically"},{"input":"slamofascist is a good definition. am a recently converted ane.","output":"u contraire, slamofacist is a meaningless term, a cheap attempt to conjoin slam with facism, one of the western world's taboos. slamonazi is another cryptonomical play. he irony of course is that facism and its close relative nazism were uropean and western in conception and mythos. t just doesn't transfer outside the culture."},{"input":" think the key word is early.","output":"o you would agree when  say that merica is the land of the nearly free?"},{"input":"hile 'm no tech wiz,  consider myself pretty hip to the whole online thing.  can't help being fascinated by the cool things of the online realm that the eniuses of ow have come up with.o, no real background for any sophisticated critique, yet quite willing to declare the new stars.ooks more like ere's what  happened to see on eub this week. t would be nice to see such lists backed by something more than it looks cool.","output":"ust every article about technology being written for a hardcore tech geek audience?"},{"input":"nd yet, that's the primary use for it. nd when you read  hype, that aspect of it is refered to.","output":"ak's point was that it is not terribly important if  breaks through into a market it was not designed for. hat it is useful to end users is an awesome, but still unintended, side effect."},{"input":"now requires subscription","output":"orked fine for me."},{"input":"u contraire, slamofacist is a meaningless term, a cheap attempt to conjoin slam with facism, one of the western world's taboos. slamonazi is another cryptonomical play. he irony of course is that facism and its close relative nazism were uropean and western in conception and mythos. t just doesn't transfer outside the culture.","output":"sn't fascism about a lack of freedom?  t might have been an idea that was first implemented and understood in urope, but doesn't mean it can't travel to other parts of the world.  deas can be adopted anywhere, for good or bad."},{"input":" thought the reputation system took care of it. f you mod down the submissions they won't get much weight. erhaps a spammer like this could be banned automatically once they have a certain level of negativelymodded articles.","output":"slub makes a good point that the reputation system does not prevent people from using it for search engine optimization."},{"input":"slub makes a good point that the reputation system does not prevent people from using it for search engine optimization.","output":"ctually, it does. f you look you'll see that those articles are all marked relnofollow."},{"input":"u contraire, slamofacist is a meaningless term, a cheap attempt to conjoin slam with facism, one of the western world's taboos. slamonazi is another cryptonomical play. he irony of course is that facism and its close relative nazism were uropean and western in conception and mythos. t just doesn't transfer outside the culture.","output":"on ami, of course is not a meaningless term. nstead of one crazy leader, muslims have one crazy book written by one crazy person.t is nazism itself what such religion does with women."},{"input":"egardless,  don't like being at the new page and modding down up to a third of the articles.   rather be there to mod up a third of the articles.  'reventing' may be the wrong word, but tracking down and getting rid of people who lessen the experience of this site should be considered.","output":"greed.  he system relies on the diligence of those users who are willing to take time out to do this.  t could and should be done better.  y the way alecb are you in any way affiliated with ao o"},{"input":"verall his reasons are crappy and not really relevent to designers.","output":"lthough  would agree that they are not now, they will be eventually. ince there is no accepted standard there is nothing to absolutely say what is right, and that kind of uncertainty always seems to lead to problems.hy should  have to do object detection when trying to do practically anything that involves interacting with the browser in javascript? ecause there are no governing standards, or they are not being adhered to. his float issue is much the same."},{"input":" had a friend once who, in college, was trying to recall a specific equation, but couldn't. s it turns out, he had learned it in spanish, and had to recall it in spanish to proceed with the calculation. his seems to indicate a sidenote to the article's evaluation of memory and language.","output":"n this case, language may have been the only remaining neurological pathway he had to access that memory.he more varied ways we access a memory, the more pathways we build to access it.ith time and disuse, many of these pathways die off as brain cells die and are replaced by others."},{"input":"he biggest problem is that these spam posts come in floods, and they push good articles off the new page quickly making it impossible for good articles to get enough votes to move from new to hot. n that way they do a lot of collateral damage.","output":"rue, but they get modded down so fast that, as long as you have your filter set, you don't have to see them for more than a few minutes."},{"input":" thought the reputation system took care of it. f you mod down the submissions they won't get much weight. erhaps a spammer like this could be banned automatically once they have a certain level of negativelymodded articles.","output":"anning seems futile, though, since you can always make up a new nick."},{"input":"hile humorous yes, this is almost two years old.","output":"nd we all know that only the newest stuff makes it to reddit."},{"input":"ideo no worky.","output":"hould be ok now. lease try again on the main server. hanks."},{"input":"here should be a 'report spam' feature on this site.'ve been using the feeback page to report people so far.","output":" think a flagging system like raigslist has might be a good way to handle it."},{"input":"gt ell, you are a believer.o.   am not.  o you always assume that people who disagree with you do so out of ideology instead of a careful consideration of facts or ideas?  f so, it's an impressively modern way to go about the world setting yourself above everyone else.ltupdategtever mind about the snarkiness.","output":"y mistake, apologies again.  would edit my earlier reply but  reckon that would make an even bigger mess..."},{"input":"nd how should  dress?","output":"buy the o,  will not fix your computer tee from hinkeek."},{"input":" love the look on his face when the engine starts ","output":"eah, classic."},{"input":"slamofascist is a good definition. am a recently converted ane.","output":"so let me see. your newspapers portray insulting stereotypes of a discriminatedagainst minority in your country so they get hopping mad and demand an apology. you're right typical fascist behaviour, on the part of the danes. how brave of you to pick on the smallest kid in your classroom."},{"input":" think that is a smart way, putting the site onto a black list to weed out spammers.   wonder whether there should be a seperate button to mark spam explicitly, rather than the voting system?o you could different just bad article vs real spam.","output":" agree with this suggestion.  hen you mod something down you're supposed to be doing it to train a filter, not to mark something as spam. here's a difference between an article that bores you and one that you feel is an abuse of reddit, and the  probably should reflect that."},{"input":"so let me see. your newspapers portray insulting stereotypes of a discriminatedagainst minority in your country so they get hopping mad and demand an apology. you're right typical fascist behaviour, on the part of the danes. how brave of you to pick on the smallest kid in your classroom.","output":"ahhh the minority bullshit. ust a second  need to stone a raped woman and  will be back."},{"input":"ool.  think this is a good thing.s people have said before,  is not only for the crazy geniuses.","output":"ou don't have to be a genius, but it helps to be crazy. "},{"input":"uick poll","output":"eddit should have a separate 'spam' button"},{"input":"ts a good article isnt it it's got alot of good info  hope every one enjoy this like me","output":" see what you did there.  "},{"input":"ahhh the minority bullshit. ust a second  need to stone a raped woman and  will be back.","output":"ow about lynching the first black man you see after a white woman is raped? uslims do not have a monopoly on depraved mob violence."},{"input":"ts a good article isnt it it's got alot of good info  hope every one enjoy this like me","output":""},{"input":"ow about lynching the first black man you see after a white woman is raped? uslims do not have a monopoly on depraved mob violence.","output":"and you represent what kind of innocent minority?"},{"input":"greed.  he system relies on the diligence of those users who are willing to take time out to do this.  t could and should be done better.  y the way alecb are you in any way affiliated with ao o","output":"here's still no better judge of content than a human. o there's no better solution than that. owever, adjusting posting priviliges by people who's articles have taken a nosedive in the past sounds like a good idea."},{"input":"he mess being the very real danger of another war between estern countries and the iddle ast, of which this little incident is just a part, and the abysmal lack of understanding displayed by the pd and the comments on this page. nstead of arguing points, you resort to slang and insults. f two random people who speak the same language cannot really communicate about this issue, 'd say that's a serious mess.","output":" quite clearly understand that most of the iddle ast is now rioting because somebody in enmark used a freedom that we consider to be the most sacred right we have as people, in his own country, and they don't like it.ell, tough. e didn't do anything to any of their countries, and their laws don't apply in his.f there has to be war, then  don't know of any ideals that  would rather fight for than freedom of speech."},{"input":"now requires subscription","output":"lobe has a weird random registration, as if they're testing out its impact or something. ou should be able to use ugeot anyway."},{"input":"hile humorous yes, this is almost two years old.","output":"he complaint about the age of an article is going to become reddits equivalent of slashdots first post"},{"input":"his should become one of ikipedia's greatest hits.","output":"t is a featured article."},{"input":"sn't fascism about a lack of freedom?  t might have been an idea that was first implemented and understood in urope, but doesn't mean it can't travel to other parts of the world.  deas can be adopted anywhere, for good or bad.","output":"xactly.  apan is not a part of urope, but they happily joined up with itler and ussolini to form the xis owers."},{"input":"have you tried filtering the water?lso, sometimes it's your pipes if they're old, get them checked out.","output":"es try a filter. ur mediocre water tasted great after getting a filter, and it works out heaps cheaper than buying bottled water."},{"input":"he complaint about the age of an article is going to become reddits equivalent of slashdots first post","output":"t's the same thing on every web site that has user contributed content. here's always at least one person who's already read about it, and they always feel like complaining. "},{"input":"?  ive people might see it.","output":"hat's a nasty, dismissive opinion there.  guess you prefer unintelligent viewing like the majority of the populace? t's an important point, though. o amount of ranting, railing, and truth will do any good in a democracy unless it gets publicized and understood. nd that's where ush always wins."},{"input":"eddit should have a separate 'spam' button","output":"pammers will sabotage it by marking legitimate articles as spam.  erhaps if you weight it based on the percentage of the submitter's own articles marked as spam."},{"input":"uick poll","output":"hichever works better."},{"input":" lived within a mile of avid outer's house for  years, and can verify that all of the details, save one, about eare are just about right.","output":"hich one detail was wrong?"},{"input":"pammers will sabotage it by marking legitimate articles as spam.  erhaps if you weight it based on the percentage of the submitter's own articles marked as spam.","output":"ou can protect against that by only counting spam votesfrom people with a certain amount of karma."},{"input":"nd we all know that only the newest stuff makes it to reddit.","output":"lololololthey not use lsp, the lmers..."},{"input":"adly formatted and mostly wellknown information about pple's ower woes.","output":"lthough there was little new information in this article,  found it to be a pretty good summary."},{"input":"t's interesting... tap water has probably contained these little critters for some time. s long as you don't know about them, it's not tragic that you eat them, but once you know they're there, you have to filter them out.he first thing this makes me think of is ignorance of the law is not a defense. xcept this situation is different...it's not ignorance of the law, but not being aware that the law is being broken...and it seems like it's only conscious, willful breaches of the law that matter in this case.","output":"onscience breaches of the law is exactly the problem here  now that they know there are forbidden animals in the water, the have to do something about it."},{"input":"bout  seconds after you do this, all the spammers will rewrite their spam scripts to create a fresh new account before posting spam. hen they'll maintain a dozen or hundred random accounts to vote up their spam  however many it takes to get things on the home page. he only way you're going to prevent spam is by filtering based on content, with a nice bayesian filter.","output":"t's pretty easy to detect a shill bidding ring, if you will, with some simple graphs of connectedness among accounts. here is no need to filter based on the content of the websites."},{"input":"ndeed. uslims with a keen eye for history, and an open mind must be horrified.or years it was uslims leading the way in medicine, and many other fields while europe was stuck in the dark ages. hat happened?","output":"undamelist hristians killed them in the crusades?"},{"input":"elp! reddit users.  igg is took my submitted link off the queue in short order.  o they have a censorship or what?  hat are they afraid of?  tockigg.com is for stocks and investing while igg.com is for tech news, and there is no conflict of interest here, is there?","output":"t is not censorship if the submission just promotes your own website."},{"input":"bout  seconds after you do this, all the spammers will rewrite their spam scripts to create a fresh new account before posting spam. hen they'll maintain a dozen or hundred random accounts to vote up their spam  however many it takes to get things on the home page. he only way you're going to prevent spam is by filtering based on content, with a nice bayesian filter.","output":"aha!  polsky...mod this man up immediately!"},{"input":"h great, just what  need.   complete, searchable archive of all my online chatting... ","output":"hat's exactly what oogle wants, too. "},{"input":"ut if a spammers account gets very low karma under your system, why can't they just sign up for a new account?","output":"ood point they would have to be a pretty dedicated spammer, however new page browsers would hopefully be able to identify the pattern, even with a new account if he keeps posting spam, new page browsers would simply keep demoting him, ensuring that his time spamming here is wasted.f all works out, the spammer would just stop posting here because it's not worth his time."},{"input":"egitive karmas are would be very bad in scaring away new users.","output":"aturally you wouldnt give a guy negative arma if he's only submitted a couple articles.ut if a guy constantly has  ratings on every post he submits obviously he's up to something. 'm sure the reddit guys could set it so that it's fair."},{"input":"omething about this rubs me the wrong way. amely, that  can chat with someone, have their words in plaintext on my screen, and yet that person has the ability to prevent me from keeping a log. ill  be able to copy and paste into a text file? r will  have to take a screen shot, run it through  software, and save it that way. t seems like a stupid feature and it makes complicated what should be simple.","output":"t has to be socially negotiated it has to be a decision between the two chatters.  hey can't go off the record unless you agree too, or at least the way 'm reading it."},{"input":"magin experiencing this first hand!? stronauts have the coolest job.","output":"t must have been hard work spending those long hours on an underground sound stage."},{"input":"omething about this rubs me the wrong way. amely, that  can chat with someone, have their words in plaintext on my screen, and yet that person has the ability to prevent me from keeping a log. ill  be able to copy and paste into a text file? r will  have to take a screen shot, run it through  software, and save it that way. t seems like a stupid feature and it makes complicated what should be simple.","output":"on't worry this feature will be hacked in approximately  seconds. "},{"input":" don't like stories that ring alarm bells, but offer nothing to help.","output":"ctually, the author suggests using hardware or software to remove dangerous  content from email messages and implementing firewalling on the desktop. don't like commenters that comment without reading the story they're commenting on."},{"input":" real story of how laughter spread like an epidemic over large parts of a country. t lasted for over  months and schools had to close as a result. alk about diruptive technology!","output":"o, the article says it's a myth what happened there can more accurately be described as mass hysteria due to stress.  e also points out that one person laughing more than  continuous minutes causes respiratory problems, making an uninterrupted  month laughing epidemic implausible."},{"input":"google knows too much about us... and with the feds running after them to expose user data storage of chat dialogues sounds like a scary proposition.","output":"he feds aren't running after them to expose user data. he feds have gotten whatever spying information they want from oogle. he feds just publicized one case because they thought it would help them."},{"input":"nteresting view of the current state of volution","output":"nope, not interesting at all."},{"input":"o, the article says it's a myth what happened there can more accurately be described as mass hysteria due to stress.  e also points out that one person laughing more than  continuous minutes causes respiratory problems, making an uninterrupted  month laughing epidemic implausible.","output":"he event has been 'mythicized' as the article says. ut it is true that there was a mass hysteria that lasted for more than  months with symptoms that included an unusual amount of laughter. o one claimed that people laughed nonstop for  months."},{"input":"e fail english?","output":"hat unpossible!"},{"input":" think this cartoon really captures the whole point.  eople burning cars and embassies to protest a cartoon that says their religion is violent.  h the irony.","output":" think the main problem with the anish cartoons is that they were racially offensive. his has been totally mixed up with the blasphemy element by provocateurs on both sides."},{"input":"nteresting view of the current state of volution","output":"eriously... is this the guy who runs quantumbiocommunication.com?"},{"input":" tend to agree with opper on this one. hile  sympathize with those who are searching for the golden loophole in the tax code, they ignore the most important point the law  whatever the judge  it is.","output":"o, the law is what the law says it is.  he reason people don't do this isn't because they believe the law to be wrong, but because the  is a very dangerous foe, and can destroy your life.  hey're not willing to risk it's wrath.hat doesn't mean that the  has a valid position.  hey're just the federal equivalent of the afia."},{"input":"eddit should have a separate 'spam' button","output":"hy not use the hide button for this functionality?"},{"input":" think the main problem with the anish cartoons is that they were racially offensive. his has been totally mixed up with the blasphemy element by provocateurs on both sides.","output":"'ve seen the cartoons, and any racist angle would have to have been inferred there's no explicit racism in them."},{"input":"ll votes are equal.","output":"ell, there you go.  o now the question is  why?"},{"input":"ell, there you go.  o now the question is  why?","output":"hy not?"},{"input":"hy not?","output":"hy ask why ask why ask why?ut really  because people who post things that other people like should be a better judge of what is good."},{"input":"ll votes are equal.","output":"thanks!"},{"input":"other less influential users will frequently attach themselves to the growth trend of a post and drive it higher in the rankings don't buy this.  eople vote for what they actually like and dislike.  hat's the beauty of the system.","output":"ut most people tend to select posts to vote for or against only from what is already in the first few pages of the hot section.  o what's hot might become hotter, but it only gets hot because of the early influencers."},{"input":"he centralplanning approach to boosting science was tried and failed in every totalitarian country, and the same will be true in nominally free ones as well.eah, those oviets had a really lousy science program.","output":"eah, where would be the world today without soviet inventions. o s , no s, no s, no web, no iods.."},{"input":"have you tried filtering the water?lso, sometimes it's your pipes if they're old, get them checked out.","output":"an you recommend a good filter?"},{"input":"eah, where would be the world today without soviet inventions. o s , no s, no s, no web, no iods..","output":"eah, because iods are clearly fundamental basic science. that's what science is for, building shiny toys."},{"input":"h great, just what  need.   complete, searchable archive of all my online chatting... ","output":"ead the article. ou can disable it."},{"input":"hy does the post say ndonesia? he jungle was in ew uinea  the country to the ast of ndonesia and orth of ustralia.","output":"hey also reveal the million hectare forest covering the oja ountain range in the ndonesian part of ew uinea...'m guessing because the article refers to it as the ndonesian part of ew uinea? "},{"input":"eah, because iods are clearly fundamental basic science. that's what science is for, building shiny toys.","output":"hat's what most people expect. mprovement. etter quality of life."},{"input":"ut most people tend to select posts to vote for or against only from what is already in the first few pages of the hot section.  o what's hot might become hotter, but it only gets hot because of the early influencers.","output":"rue, but even more important than that is the killer headline"},{"input":"hy does the post say ndonesia? he jungle was in ew uinea  the country to the ast of ndonesia and orth of ustralia.","output":"t seems that the discovery was made in the oja ountains in the eastern part of the island, which is regarded as a province of ndonesia."},{"input":"omething about this rubs me the wrong way. amely, that  can chat with someone, have their words in plaintext on my screen, and yet that person has the ability to prevent me from keeping a log. ill  be able to copy and paste into a text file? r will  have to take a screen shot, run it through  software, and save it that way. t seems like a stupid feature and it makes complicated what should be simple.","output":"t says in the new rivacy olicy that you are free to copyandpaste it, but the official logs will not reflect any indication of off the record chatting."},{"input":"ever attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by clerical error.","output":"lerical error is the failure to report the missing armor.  lerical error is the failure to let soldiers know that there is a new requirement to report the missing armor.  alice is adamantly holding to an obviously broken policyebrook said he tried to get a battalion commander to sign a waiver on the battle armor, but the officer declined."},{"input":"ut most people tend to select posts to vote for or against only from what is already in the first few pages of the hot section.  o what's hot might become hotter, but it only gets hot because of the early influencers.","output":"h,   thought you were saying that people would vote for a story just to be attached to a rising one.o you think that the early influencers trend is good or bad?"},{"input":"his article shouldn't be longer than one sentence.  couldn't be bothered to scan it for the answer.","output":"bout  lbs. ertainly much lighter and more effective than the article's turgid and repetitive prose."},{"input":"ctually, the author suggests using hardware or software to remove dangerous  content from email messages and implementing firewalling on the desktop. don't like commenters that comment without reading the story they're commenting on.","output":" did read the story. ure, he says install a firewall, etc., then he goes on to say how hackers can easily bypass personal firewalls. hat help is that? e's offering a solution that he  admits doesn't work."},{"input":"hat's because people like this guy don't pay. sn't that like saying the pricetag at a department store doesn't reflect it's actual cost? r do  misunderstand your point?","output":"es. hen an item at a department store gets stolen, the cost of the goods is counted as the loss, not the price of the goods.  hen a drunk doesn't pay a , medical bill, the cost to the hospital is not ,, and the government doesn't reimburse the hospital ,. owever, there is a real cost, 've yet to find a hospital that actually knows what it is. he problem is concluding, for example, that a , a year realcosts social program is cheaper than a , a year medical bill.  don't know if it is, and  don't know if it isn't.  do know that  can't conclude that it is.   still like the article,  just don't want people to think that the savings are that obvious."},{"input":"es. hen an item at a department store gets stolen, the cost of the goods is counted as the loss, not the price of the goods.  hen a drunk doesn't pay a , medical bill, the cost to the hospital is not ,, and the government doesn't reimburse the hospital ,. owever, there is a real cost, 've yet to find a hospital that actually knows what it is. he problem is concluding, for example, that a , a year realcosts social program is cheaper than a , a year medical bill.  don't know if it is, and  don't know if it isn't.  do know that  can't conclude that it is.   still like the article,  just don't want people to think that the savings are that obvious.","output":"ood point but what about the nonfinancial opportunity costs.  he patient who had to sit in the waiting room because there were no beds left or the emotional toll on the nurses who were about to quit.  f someone would have stayed in a bed and paid the full , but didn't because of the homeless guy was in it then there is a financial cost as well."},{"input":"eh. hy is this amusing?","output":"ecause it contains mismatched  tags."},{"input":"bout  lbs. ertainly much lighter and more effective than the article's turgid and repetitive prose.","output":"hanks a ton  have some karma!"},{"input":"ood point but what about the nonfinancial opportunity costs.  he patient who had to sit in the waiting room because there were no beds left or the emotional toll on the nurses who were about to quit.  f someone would have stayed in a bed and paid the full , but didn't because of the homeless guy was in it then there is a financial cost as well.","output":"eah, hospitals in the  generally are not full, so that is not really the problem. f a hospital had to open an otherwise closed floor because of an excess of this type of patient, that would be a large cost. like the emotional toll idea, but the article had a nurse meeting her husband because of a drunk. rr.. perhaps marriage is the emotional toll!h, and the  patient who is insured and is in the next , a night bed, his insurance company is only going to pay about ,. ospital accounting is a strange world unto itself."},{"input":"ever attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by clerical error.","output":"hat clerical error could cost a soldier  is malicious."},{"input":"aybe we bloggers are all just a bunch of self centered, indulgent, narcissistic and neurotic word crunchers who should get a life.aybe? ow about definitely.","output":"ould you say all bloggers fall into that category?  urely there must be some good blogs just like any other web sites?"},{"input":"ould you say all bloggers fall into that category?  urely there must be some good blogs just like any other web sites?","output":"no not all bloggers  but certainly you o"},{"input":"ecause it contains mismatched  tags.","output":"imho that is an insufficient reason."},{"input":"an,  hate us.umans, that is.","output":"hat about us humans that are against this? o you hate us too?"},{"input":" think map, reduce and filter are much clearer.","output":"not if you use them all the time in your code."},{"input":"his is exactly why socialized medicine doesn't work.  hough erman doctors are heading to ritain, just wait.  hey'll all be headed over to the  soon enough.  octors are one of those little known imports that the  takes up.  he pay is so much better here.  ealth care, in my opinion, is also better here.  n ritain, expect to wait a few weeks for an .  nd if you have cancer, just pray.","output":"t's better if you can afford it, worse if you can't.  hat includes a significant chunk of the population.  o, in some ways, the  system is better, but it's not perfect, either, and probably needs more iterations to improve it..."},{"input":"his story is indeed horrible.  ut  don't like the fact that it is obviously abused here as propaganda against the slam in the context of the caricature issue.  'm sure that pretty much nobody would care if the innocent victim was an old man.  t makes me bitter to see that it is way easier to trigger peoples sense of justice by referring to cases involving pretty young girls.  on't forget that the  does sentence people to death as well.  nd it is a proven fact that at least some of the victims were innocent too.","output":"gt 'm sure that pretty much nobody would care if the innocent gt victim was an old man would care for one.gt on't forget that the  does sentence people to death as gt well. nd it is a proven fact that at least some of the gt victims were innocent too.ut the  regularly receives cristiscm on reddit for it's death penalty. nd the  doesn't execute people who they know are innocent."},{"input":"eligion has no use to humanity as a whole or individuals in general. very day we see this highlighted in the uslim areas but this applies equally to  hristians who don't believe in global climate change and evolution. y heart bleeds for all the poor women and men under fundamentalist rule.","output":"gt eligion is an insult to human dignity. ith or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes religionteven einberg, obel aureate in physics"},{"input":"gt eligion is an insult to human dignity. ith or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes religionteven einberg, obel aureate in physics","output":"ow is esus' ove your neighbour as yourself an insult to human dignity?"},{"input":"his story is indeed horrible.  ut  don't like the fact that it is obviously abused here as propaganda against the slam in the context of the caricature issue.  'm sure that pretty much nobody would care if the innocent victim was an old man.  t makes me bitter to see that it is way easier to trigger peoples sense of justice by referring to cases involving pretty young girls.  on't forget that the  does sentence people to death as well.  nd it is a proven fact that at least some of the victims were innocent too.","output":"gt on't forget that the  does sentence people to death as well.othing like this would be tolerated though. his kind of inhumane punishment just wouldn't happen."},{"input":"he title is bizarre. urely it should be ow much did historical swords weigh?","output":"fft.  ts pretty obvious that since they didn't have scales back then they used swords for weighing ."},{"input":"eligion has no use to humanity as a whole or individuals in general. very day we see this highlighted in the uslim areas but this applies equally to  hristians who don't believe in global climate change and evolution. y heart bleeds for all the poor women and men under fundamentalist rule.","output":"resumably you are aware that most european christians do believe both in global climate change and evolution.  n fact even the vatican declares  to be bogus.  lobal climate change has nothing to do with christianity at all, it is american economic interests that are driving the debate, not christianity.erhaps what you mean is that stupidity has no use to humanity.  ut  realise it is far easier to just scapegoat religion."},{"input":"his just seems like such a great idea. o weden. f only more countries were going in this direction.t's also funny that  and  response to the same problem is ore nuclear power!. ell,  say funny, it's actually depressing and scary.","output":"celand have similar plans and are persuing them even more aggressively.  ut they're lucky in being able to harness an awful lot of geothermal energy."},{"input":"ell it's more enlightened in merica don't you think? o more itch rials for one thing.","output":"gt o more itch rials for one thing.'m sure that many who have been held in uantanamo would beg to differ."},{"input":"gt o more itch rials for one thing.'m sure that many who have been held in uantanamo would beg to differ.","output":"hat are they burning them at the stake now?"},{"input":"gt on't forget that the  does sentence people to death as well.othing like this would be tolerated though. his kind of inhumane punishment just wouldn't happen.","output":"hat about the cases of mentallyretarded people on death row?"},{"input":"hat are they burning them at the stake now?","output":" believe they prefer to pack them in ice"},{"input":"hat about the cases of mentallyretarded people on death row?","output":"hat about it? he  banned it last year."},{"input":"gt 'm sure that pretty much nobody would care if the innocent gt victim was an old man would care for one.gt on't forget that the  does sentence people to death as gt well. nd it is a proven fact that at least some of the gt victims were innocent too.ut the  regularly receives cristiscm on reddit for it's death penalty. nd the  doesn't execute people who they know are innocent.","output":"ood to hear that you care for all the other innocent victims as well  really!  ut you surely agree that we see exactily this story of this young girl bubbeling up on reddit and not other stories about the many other victims of studipdity and hate who loose their lives every day.  y suspicion here is that this story is so hot on reddit because it effectively renders the image of muslims as the guys that like to torture the innocent.  his simplification is invalid and conducive only to stoking fear and hate.  s everybody 'm very concerned about the recent events in the middle east.  ut 'm as well concerned about many of the reactions observable in the western societies because many people and media here contribute to a extreme emotional escalation which makes it all even worse.  f we consider ourselfs ethically superior we shouldn't be participants of this escalation."},{"input":"ut, uhm, the ig ang  only a theory.  here might be a hundred other reasons to hate this guy, but asking that he ig ang be referred to as a theory is a sign of honest science, not censorship.   think people have forgotten the meaning of the word censorship.nd as much as the science crowd wants to dog this guy for being a political tool, the science crowd seems to be creating its own dogma that borders on religious fanaticism, itself.  hat an interesting turn of events.","output":"ut, uhm, everything in science  only a theory. t's understood that all scientific conjectures are theories without having to explicitly state otherwise. xplicitly stating otherwise suggests that theory instead means guess which is bogus. t's not scientific honesty, it's purposeful political tomfoolery.lso, what's this nonsesnse about people forgetting the meaning of the word censorship and the science crowd seems to be creating its own dogma that borders on religious fanaticism? ou're going to need some evidence to back up a claim that otherwise makes you sound like a moron."},{"input":"hat about it? he  banned it last year.","output":"hich means it never happened..."},{"input":"hile  agree that his attempts at censoring indicate that he clearly is not a fit candidate for his job,  fail to see how him holding a piece of paper or not puts more perspective on this situation. t seems to me that he would have attempted to introduce the same censorship if he would have graduated from uni. know quite a few people that never got their uni degrees who are brilliant at what they do, just as  know enough people that did get their degree who are just plain daft.n light of this,  fail to see how having a degree should be some kind of minimum requirement. ime to mod me down now dit it does shed some light on some of the information that we are presented with as being true though, but it hardly amazes me anymore that something like this would surface.","output":"t shows that he is completely unqualified to edit a scientific paper.t also shows that the person who appointed him is incompetent as well."},{"input":"h,   thought you were saying that people would vote for a story just to be attached to a rising one.o you think that the early influencers trend is good or bad?","output":"gt o you think that the early influencers trend is good or bad?'m neutral,  think it goes both ways and it depends on your perspective.  t will be interesting to see how fast and how much reddit grows, and what the effect of that growth will be.  ill it be as interesting?  he growth and change of the web in general will be an influence as well, of course.  hat kinds of things will people be linking to  or  years from now?"},{"input":"rue, but even more important than that is the killer headline","output":"hat's a good point,  will probably touch on that in a future posting."},{"input":"ood to hear that you care for all the other innocent victims as well  really!  ut you surely agree that we see exactily this story of this young girl bubbeling up on reddit and not other stories about the many other victims of studipdity and hate who loose their lives every day.  y suspicion here is that this story is so hot on reddit because it effectively renders the image of muslims as the guys that like to torture the innocent.  his simplification is invalid and conducive only to stoking fear and hate.  s everybody 'm very concerned about the recent events in the middle east.  ut 'm as well concerned about many of the reactions observable in the western societies because many people and media here contribute to a extreme emotional escalation which makes it all even worse.  f we consider ourselfs ethically superior we shouldn't be participants of this escalation.","output":"ow many times must  say this???he  is behind the current propaganda we're experiencing! hey want to bomb ran, and they want  support!"},{"input":"celand have similar plans and are persuing them even more aggressively.  ut they're lucky in being able to harness an awful lot of geothermal energy.","output":" think their timescale was  years, though."},{"input":"ll those things are in obvious conflict with ove thy neighbour aren't they. t's the people who are the problem here not the teachings.","output":" think that statement is the most dangerous of them all. t's the people ... not the teachings.  ith that one line, people can justify there own religon as good, and any other possible bad outcome by its other followers as their own fault.hen again,  think that is the point gt good people to do bad things, it takes religion."},{"input":"his annoys me. here's a human rights violation in ran and  of the comments here are about how bad hristianity is. hat's that got do with anything? urely we should be discussing the state of ran's human rights record.","output":"hank you for stating this someone needed to. t still amazes me how on eddit a story that has  to do with hristianity can turn into hristianitybashing time, time and time again."},{"input":"t shows that he is completely unqualified to edit a scientific paper.t also shows that the person who appointed him is incompetent as well.","output":"gt t shows that he is completely unqualified to edit a scientific paper. find this to be debatable. ould him having a degree in journalism show that he is qualified to edit a scientific paper?gt t also shows that the person who appointed him is incompetent as well.ince this relies on the first statement being true,  find it to be debatable as well."},{"input":"his is the one time  wish  had the ability to mark up something substantially  the conomist really hits the nail on the head with this one.  raq's per capita  has actually decreased since .  s in people earned more in  than they have recently.  his is not an exceptional trend for the region either.","output":"ndeed, percapita  is a misleading term.  wonder how much of that  is concentrated in the wealthiest ?"},{"input":"his story is indeed horrible.  ut  don't like the fact that it is obviously abused here as propaganda against the slam in the context of the caricature issue.  'm sure that pretty much nobody would care if the innocent victim was an old man.  t makes me bitter to see that it is way easier to trigger peoples sense of justice by referring to cases involving pretty young girls.  on't forget that the  does sentence people to death as well.  nd it is a proven fact that at least some of the victims were innocent too.","output":"rue, under any system of justice some people punished will be innocent.  here's a big difference between mistakes like that and this situation.  ere the system is functioning perfectly.  es, she was trying to defend herself from rape, so of course she must be punished!  his would be almost as bad if she were 'merely' sentenced to prison instead of executed.  lease don't make this into strictly a deathpenalty issue."},{"input":"ne more political appointee with a fictitious resume.here is no excuse for this.   work for a very small company and we check out resumes.  t's not that hard.  he federal government is incapable of doing it?","output":" think you're missing the point.  here's a difference between lacking the capacity to do something and lacking the desire to do something in specific, rewardoriented situations.  hat said, they'll just put a different tool in there soon enough."},{"input":"t never ceases to amaze me how the world's largest software company makes such a blunder with a product that renders text that is based on well documented standards.hey should give up and support ireox or pera, heck, why haven't they bought pera?","output":"re you sure its an accident?"},{"input":"gt hey go to war senselessly and cause the deaths of thousandsgt of peoplehere exactly are hristians going to war right now? 'm not aware that hristians had their own army.","output":"ight ow eorge esus  hrist . ush is leading his marching christian soldiers of operation et the rest of the brown ones.ts starts out in ran about  months from now. hen the last of the dissenting, communiepinko liberal democrats get voted out of the house and senate. t least, that's where all the intelligently designed money's saying.nd speaking of senseless hristian war, the crusades let's take over the holy land because its our holy land too were pretty senseless.ust like hanging a  year old for manslaughter is senseless."},{"input":"hat about us humans that are against this? o you hate us too?","output":"nfortunately, we seem to demonstrate our capacity for ignorance, savagery, and hate all the time.  tories like this just remind me of it.   see a lot of discussion and blame being thrown about hristianity vs. slam, western culture vs. middle eastern culture, etc, but you're going to have a hard time convincing me that there's any culture that hasn't been involved in something pretty despicable in the past, or that they aren't capable of it in the future.o do  hate you in particular?  o.  ut do  hate humanity's seemingly inherent capacity for barbarism?  bsolutely."},{"input":" mostly hear esus as one of the first. ost popular is ho is without sin, throws the first stone.","output":"he follow up verse the got edited out was pretty bad ass.nd then esus smote her with a stone. nd then continued to smote her until she was dead. or the kitchen was not invented, but she should've been in it anway.pps. hat's my fundie bible. hat one might've been made up."},{"input":" think their timescale was  years, though.","output":"that's far more realistic, though, even considering celand's geothermal advantage. the wedes surely mean well, but their plan is basically completely impossible. i predict it'll end up the same way their mid's plan to abolish their nuclear power plants did  fizzling out quietly after a decade of no progress."},{"input":"his is pretty myopic.  o one is looking at all the products and technological advancements that won't happen because the wedish government is spending people's money to circumvent the natural path of the market.  il dependency will fade as oil increases in price, due to less supply, and you don't need to force people to adapt, they're doing it already.  y forcing a complete switch away from oil, you're destroying a lot of wealth.","output":"ah, because you know, capitalism has really allowed alternative energy to flourish up to this point.  n your world, we'll end up paying  bucks a week to xxonobile for the rest of our lives."},{"input":"robably half or more of what  have submitted to reddit has been essays that  myself have written.   just really started my website a few months ago, and have a reasonably small readership. see nothing wrong with posting one's own writings.  f the writings are good, then mod them up.  f they are bad, then mod them down.  ut just because the author is trying to get more readers doesn't mean they should be automatically frowned upon.n fact,  would like to see more of what reddit users have written.  t seems to me that sites like this are largely aggregates of technology news.  hy not have more contributions of original writing from users?","output":" know, how about a double logrithmic relation between rankings and article score.n the negitive direction it could drop very slowly at first and then more quickly as the demotions pile up. his would allow more people to weigh in other than just the eager guys spending all their time demoting in the new section.n the positive direction the rank could move very quickly at first and then slow, perhapse before becoming linear again around .ll the while, only integer scores would be shown. nyone think this would help?"},{"input":"gt hey go to war senselessly and cause the deaths of thousandsgt of peoplehere exactly are hristians going to war right now? 'm not aware that hristians had their own army.","output":"objection your honor, argumentative."},{"input":"re you sure its an accident?","output":" don't think it is an accident."},{"input":"eligion isn't the literal word  it's said as 'state religion'.  t is meant as the dominant 'ideology' of the people.","output":"the  portrayed it as religion proper.   take your point but certainly in this case religion ! ideology."},{"input":"an you actually change the title after you submitted it?","output":"not unless the  deletes.  hen m not sure exactly what happens.."},{"input":"o weden o !!!!he problem with nuclear energy is the only countries allowed nuclear facilities to generate power are the ones with nuclear weapons. o one else is allowed into the uclear club. ence, the situation is ripe for a monopoly. o.o weden o !!!! o celand o !!!!s there some way to penource research or information or whatever can be penource'd in this ... ?","output":"gthe problem with nuclear energy is the only countries allowedgtnuclear facilities to generate power are the ones with gtnuclear weapons.um, what are you talking about? loads of countries with barely any military at all have perfectly good nuclear power plants... weden, for example. no bombs there."},{"input":"hat must  reactivate in my web browser to see what's so funny about it?","output":"nimated s."},{"input":"e didn't really 'create' the computer, he more assembled it.  hile surely a pioneer, its not like he invented the computer or anything.","output":"nd the article touches on that very fact, saying that oz himself readily admits that it was a team effort."},{"input":"no kidding? eally?  thought lung cancer would be correlated with oxygen.","output":"id you look at the graph?"},{"input":"l'ed it and it didn't run, just got a blank entry in the taskbar and an xulrunner.exe which went nowhere. erhaps will have to wait for version ....","output":"id you give it enough time ?  needed to get the . and put that in the install dir. fter launching it with that, i got a blank entry in my taskbar as well,  decided to read abit on the site from which  downloaded the .dll and when  switched back to my taskbar to kill the process, it was properly loaded."},{"input":"id you look at the graph?","output":"and?"},{"input":"no kidding? eally?  thought lung cancer would be correlated with oxygen.","output":"eh, you seem incredulous. emember, nowadays we take it for granted that cigarettes  . his is however, something certain buisnesspeopple, and their lawyers and lobbyists have denied. his tactic was quite effective, at least initially."},{"input":" think it is clear that there is a very bigproblem.  he  next question is, how do we turn this region around?  ow do we bring freedom, knowledge, and prosperity?","output":"ook urope about  years to throw off the shackles of atholicism.  et us hope it is more truncated with the iddle ast."},{"input":"hat can you say? oz is a hacker. obs isn'the's just pure charisma.","output":"obs is a businessman and oz was a developer.  pple relied on obs ability to sell things and oz's ability to innovate, to think that either is worth more or less to pple's success is a disservice to their history."},{"input":"eh, you seem incredulous. emember, nowadays we take it for granted that cigarettes  . his is however, something certain buisnesspeopple, and their lawyers and lobbyists have denied. his tactic was quite effective, at least initially.","output":"no,  believe. o far, since  was born  believe that."},{"input":"ook urope about  years to throw off the shackles of atholicism.  et us hope it is more truncated with the iddle ast.","output":"o you hope it takes less than  years for the rab world to throw off the shackles of atholicism?"},{"input":"hem, rab world or  epublicans?  ust try asking a epublican pharmacist to fill a morningafter pill prescription.  y the way, has ush and the  overthrown the freely elected government of enezuela yet?  ou know, they have oil.  nd then there's evolution...","output":"ope.  on't work.  his thread is about slam, not ushchimpyitler.  zzt.  hanks for playing."},{"input":"he spelled sabremetrics wrong. ut a very good article.","output":"lso lvish.  ut, really, this article is eerily accurate.  nd written by a woman!   thought  was alone."},{"input":"his is a bad analogy.   paper wouldn't print a cartoon of child sodomy, period, whether the ope was doing it or not. owever, papers print cartoon critical of religion all the time, and good for them.  ow much violence, hate, misunderstanding, and lasting illwill has been caused by religion here?","output":"i take your point about the analogy, but i think you're using it to miss the point. the cartoons are hatespeech, published with the intention of demonizing muslims in general and arabs in particular. what's worse  both are a soft target in europe and america. this kind of free speech is rarely used against those who can make the speaker suffer for it  hence a western media that rarely questions its masters."},{"input":" know, how about a double logrithmic relation between rankings and article score.n the negitive direction it could drop very slowly at first and then more quickly as the demotions pile up. his would allow more people to weigh in other than just the eager guys spending all their time demoting in the new section.n the positive direction the rank could move very quickly at first and then slow, perhapse before becoming linear again around .ll the while, only integer scores would be shown. nyone think this would help?","output":"es, 've thought about that.   think something along these lines would be good."},{"input":"e've all seen he atrix.  bviously the solution is fullbody acupuncture, right?","output":"well it doesn't work if you don't hook the needles up to electricity  obviously."},{"input":"here is something about the way they did it seems,  don't know, not genuine.t's about picking your battles and by resigning  feel that all they are doing is letting the censors win.t just sounds to me that they are just jumping on the bandwagon.","output":"t the same time, they made a newsworthy protest. ou do have to pick your battles, they picked this one."},{"input":"reddit should be renamed lispplusamishmashofothersh!t.com","output":"its funny cause its true. i'm not a lisper but i don't mind them hanging around. they're generally nice about the manner in which they describe how everything that will ever be needed for computers was already invented in the fifties. not like some other language zealots..."},{"input":" disagree with your antitech blog sentiment.  think that this is exactly the place where good blogs should be found. eople may post one good thing and  bad ones, but we all want to read that one good thing right? o when somebody posts their blog  think it would be better judged on content not status. like timg's idea of slow downmodding at first so that more people will judge on content rather then name. he whole point of content aggregation is not to get things from credible sources, but make good things credible.","output":" didn't say anything against tech blogs.   syndicate an awful lot of them, and enjoy the ones  read now.   only suggested that there are too many of them, and  feel maxed out on them when  read them in my  reader.'m only guessing as to why people mod down when they see a blog .  t isn't a dealbreaker for me.   lot of the best links on eddit are blog entries. think the problem might be splogs and people gaming dense as well as .  t's not accurate to call blog linking on eddit spam...the essence of spam is that it is unsolicited in nature.  f you don't want to read blogs on eddit, it's not hard to avoid them.ltimately,  agree with you that something needs to be done about the ew page.  'm not sure yet what would make this better."},{"input":"he follow up verse the got edited out was pretty bad ass.nd then esus smote her with a stone. nd then continued to smote her until she was dead. or the kitchen was not invented, but she should've been in it anway.pps. hat's my fundie bible. hat one might've been made up.","output":" wish there was a  funny alternative."},{"input":"gthe problem with nuclear energy is the only countries allowedgtnuclear facilities to generate power are the ones with gtnuclear weapons.um, what are you talking about? loads of countries with barely any military at all have perfectly good nuclear power plants... weden, for example. no bombs there.","output":" second that comment. anada not only has a thriving nuclear power sector, they have a thriving nuclear reactor export industry. apan gets a good chunk of its electricity from nukes, despite their allergy to nuclear weapons."},{"input":"his just seems like such a great idea. o weden. f only more countries were going in this direction.t's also funny that  and  response to the same problem is ore nuclear power!. ell,  say funny, it's actually depressing and scary.","output":"ersonally, more nuclear power is more reassuring than more coal, or, has been more typical, total silence on the subject."},{"input":"it's intriguing how angry this seems to make some people.  no doubt these people would be equally angry at food service workers being forced to wash their hands at work.  i just don't understand this mentality at allsomething about american entitlement...","output":" think this is dangerous.  it saves a lot of gas.  seem to recall reading that cars were optimised to run at the    . wonder if the cars being packed together would draft off eachother contributing to the fuel effeciency?"},{"input":" think this is dangerous.  it saves a lot of gas.  seem to recall reading that cars were optimised to run at the    . wonder if the cars being packed together would draft off eachother contributing to the fuel effeciency?","output":"uel consumption rises more or less with the square of speed once you get above  mph. o you roughly double your fuel consumption if you drive  instead of .  nd as a rule of thumb you can't safely follow another vehicle closely enough to save fuel, whizbang electronics or a cooperating leader notwithstanding.  drivers have the benefit of a closed course, and they still crash a lot."},{"input":"he arab world is in such a state because of colonialism and not because of slam. he slamic fundamentalists have so much power in the uslim countries because the colonialists helped them to get into power, in order to weaken the iddle eastern countries and colonise them. slam is not a violent religion or some that mistreat women. undamentalists do. slam and true uslims don't. urthermore, we own the uslims a lot in terms of scientific advances and knowledge in general. hey are the ones who collected and translated most of the philosopher's works from reece, which as you probably know is the basis of our moral  emocracy is greek. hey also made huge advancements in sciense, medicine and mathematics such as lgebra, surgery, anatomy and astronomy. n fact, they invented algebra and algebra in itself is an rabic word. suggest you do a bit of historic research before you post. f you take all your information from the  or newspapers, you don't really have a critic mind. n order to have an opinion on some topic we need to compare different sources of information before we build an opinion in our mind.nyway,  guess nobody is even going to care about what 'm saying, or perhaps not even read it... ou guys know everything, you have the truth and so you can speak like that.","output":"elter, the point of the article is not to attack slam.  he point of the article was to illustrate how islamic fundamentalism, combined with weak governance has seriously hurt rabs.ruth be told, they need freedom of religion first and foremost."},{"input":"e didn't really 'create' the computer, he more assembled it.  hile surely a pioneer, its not like he invented the computer or anything.","output":"his is true, the chip technology was not invented by oz, he picked the otorola  or something like that as the  and put together a bunch of other chips to control the video display and the disk drive.  don't know the technical specs, but you make it sound like he inserted a graphics card into a motherboard and called it a computer.ure he didn't build any of his own chips but he put them together, and built the  to run it. ou are downplaying the achievement that that was.yes computers existed, but oz built the personal computer. ther people were saying no one would ever need or want a computer in their home, oz and obs put one in their homes. as for obs, yes he is a critical part of it. oz wasn't going to sell a lot of computers no matter how technically powerful they were. ut in terms of persons obs is a jerk but a genius in his own right. oz is really nice and a genius in his own right."},{"input":"elter, the point of the article is not to attack slam.  he point of the article was to illustrate how islamic fundamentalism, combined with weak governance has seriously hurt rabs.ruth be told, they need freedom of religion first and foremost.","output":"hy is frica also in such a state? lso because they don't have freedom of religion? olonialism has destroyed all these countries in frica and the iddle ast. hen people don't have nothing to eat it is unlikely they will have time or energy to think. e looted their countries and now we blame on them. hey are the ones who should be blaming on us. ou can't be so superficial to blame their governments, most of them are appointed and supported by the , included old adam."},{"input":"e'd be better off making raq as nice a place as possible, giving as much control as possible to its people, and letting the ranians get jealous and change their government themselves.hat led to the end of the oviet nion? ot a foreign invasion, but rather the jealousy of its own citizens.","output":"yeah thats worked eal ell so far hasn't it.mericans need to understand that in that part of the world, the masses   want democracy."},{"input":"o how do you explain merica's success?","output":"eperation of state and religion perhaps?"},{"input":"he arab world is in such a state because of colonialism and not because of slam. he slamic fundamentalists have so much power in the uslim countries because the colonialists helped them to get into power, in order to weaken the iddle eastern countries and colonise them. slam is not a violent religion or some that mistreat women. undamentalists do. slam and true uslims don't. urthermore, we own the uslims a lot in terms of scientific advances and knowledge in general. hey are the ones who collected and translated most of the philosopher's works from reece, which as you probably know is the basis of our moral  emocracy is greek. hey also made huge advancements in sciense, medicine and mathematics such as lgebra, surgery, anatomy and astronomy. n fact, they invented algebra and algebra in itself is an rabic word. suggest you do a bit of historic research before you post. f you take all your information from the  or newspapers, you don't really have a critic mind. n order to have an opinion on some topic we need to compare different sources of information before we build an opinion in our mind.nyway,  guess nobody is even going to care about what 'm saying, or perhaps not even read it... ou guys know everything, you have the truth and so you can speak like that.","output":"ou don't you hang  year old girls because of olonialism."},{"input":"eperation of state and religion perhaps?","output":"o you agree that merica isn't a fundamentalist state then?"},{"input":"he arab world is in such a state because of colonialism and not because of slam. he slamic fundamentalists have so much power in the uslim countries because the colonialists helped them to get into power, in order to weaken the iddle eastern countries and colonise them. slam is not a violent religion or some that mistreat women. undamentalists do. slam and true uslims don't. urthermore, we own the uslims a lot in terms of scientific advances and knowledge in general. hey are the ones who collected and translated most of the philosopher's works from reece, which as you probably know is the basis of our moral  emocracy is greek. hey also made huge advancements in sciense, medicine and mathematics such as lgebra, surgery, anatomy and astronomy. n fact, they invented algebra and algebra in itself is an rabic word. suggest you do a bit of historic research before you post. f you take all your information from the  or newspapers, you don't really have a critic mind. n order to have an opinion on some topic we need to compare different sources of information before we build an opinion in our mind.nyway,  guess nobody is even going to care about what 'm saying, or perhaps not even read it... ou guys know everything, you have the truth and so you can speak like that.","output":" don't get it, why does  have to be the fault of the nited tates? mean, isn't it possible to consider that somebody somewhere actually did something bad and it was their fault instead of the nited tates?t what point do people actually have to take responsibility for themselves?nd as for you, if you're from the nited tates, why do you have such guilt? ust because you happened to be born richer than most people, you have to be guilty? hy do you have to think that everybody else in the world is innocent and that all evil that they do is somehow the fault of your country? see this attitude all the time.  just don't understand it."},{"input":"hy is frica also in such a state? lso because they don't have freedom of religion? olonialism has destroyed all these countries in frica and the iddle ast. hen people don't have nothing to eat it is unlikely they will have time or energy to think. e looted their countries and now we blame on them. hey are the ones who should be blaming on us. ou can't be so superficial to blame their governments, most of them are appointed and supported by the , included old adam.","output":"ou know, at some point people and countries actually have to take responsibility for themselves.he nited tates was once a colony as well.h, and stop hating yourself and your country so much, its counterproductive. ave some faith."},{"input":" don't get it, why does  have to be the fault of the nited tates? mean, isn't it possible to consider that somebody somewhere actually did something bad and it was their fault instead of the nited tates?t what point do people actually have to take responsibility for themselves?nd as for you, if you're from the nited tates, why do you have such guilt? ust because you happened to be born richer than most people, you have to be guilty? hy do you have to think that everybody else in the world is innocent and that all evil that they do is somehow the fault of your country? see this attitude all the time.  just don't understand it.","output":"orrect me if 'm wrong, but  don't think the  colonized any rab country.  think ritian controled places like gypt and alistine."},{"input":"orrect me if 'm wrong, but  don't think the  colonized any rab country.  think ritian controled places like gypt and alistine.","output":"o what rage?  and ritain are historically the same.here is no such a thing as mericans. ell there was but we killed them and their culture. nd by the way, the  is colonosing the iddle ast by appointing corrupted rulers for these countries who isntead of looking after their country and people will look after  interests."},{"input":"this is the story of socialized medicine. truly of socialism of any sort. you can't keep stealing from the producers and expect them to keep producing.","output":"ustralia has socialized medicine and the second highest rates of pay per doctor in the world."},{"input":"yeah thats worked eal ell so far hasn't it.mericans need to understand that in that part of the world, the masses   want democracy.","output":"f it is the oke vs. epsi democracy that requires a supreme court to award elections in, you are correct, as a middleeasterner myself, we do not want it.e also don't want any kind of democracy shoved in our throats by invasion or bombing."},{"input":"his just goes to show how religion is systematically abused by those in power to manipulate the masses. uess arx said it best when he said religion is the opium for the masses.","output":"pium makes you sleepy. 'm thinking its more  for the masses."},{"input":"o what rage?  and ritain are historically the same.here is no such a thing as mericans. ell there was but we killed them and their culture. nd by the way, the  is colonosing the iddle ast by appointing corrupted rulers for these countries who isntead of looking after their country and people will look after  interests.","output":"here is no such a thing as mericanshat utter nonesense. ou might as well say there's no such thing as ritons or rabs, we're all fricans really."},{"input":"o you hope it takes less than  years for the rab world to throw off the shackles of atholicism?","output":" love the rating system on reddit.  ince anyone can mod anything you get some posts that get completely hammered.  ut  can never tell by just reading the posts which ones they are going to be...ou would expect that thinly veiled incitements to racism would get hammered, but in reality it is the slightly lame jokes.  pity really."},{"input":"ahoo! and  already use this and other technologies to help stop spam, and have been for some time.","output":"orry.  ny idea why ahoo seems to be so much less effective at filtering spam than gmail?   get tons of spam at both locations but gmail correctly identifies all of it.  ahoo lets about  into my nbox."},{"input":"ou're missing the point. he oran says depicting the prophet or allah in images is idolatry and blasphemy. oesn't matter who does it. nd that's the primary reason for the outrage in these cartoons as well  the fact that the cartoons are unfavorable depictions is secondary.","output":"hy did medieval ranians make these drawings if they are blasphemous? aybe because it doesn't specifically say in the oran whether they are blasphemous."},{"input":"good to read. a few pages failed exposing intelligable errors. amusing how the site violates clean urls","output":"musing? hat's it to you? t still looks pretty whether it validates or not.he official language of the web is ag oup and good design doesn't necessarily have to conform to all the fancyschmancy  rules."},{"input":"yeah thats worked eal ell so far hasn't it.mericans need to understand that in that part of the world, the masses   want democracy.","output":"pparently, we ians don't want democracy either. ust look at amas in alestine."},{"input":" love the rating system on reddit.  ince anyone can mod anything you get some posts that get completely hammered.  ut  can never tell by just reading the posts which ones they are going to be...ou would expect that thinly veiled incitements to racism would get hammered, but in reality it is the slightly lame jokes.  pity really.","output":"hat would take consistent adherence to undisputed ideals and things like that.neliner lameness is easier to recognize"},{"input":"hat's nice to know, since  can guarantee you'll never see that.","output":" didn't mean it as a slight against you in particular. erhaps  should have said user.blogster.com posted by user. i.e.  was agreeing with you. "},{"input":"stupid","output":"but true!"},{"input":"ow.  can't wait for this to reach mainstream. onna be fun...","output":"hy? ecause the world doesn't already know that uslims are unreasonable, violent reactionaries?"},{"input":"orrect me if 'm wrong, but  don't think the  colonized any rab country.  think ritian controled places like gypt and alistine.","output":"kay,  should have said the est but its that same point."},{"input":"obs is a businessman and oz was a developer.  pple relied on obs ability to sell things and oz's ability to innovate, to think that either is worth more or less to pple's success is a disservice to their history.","output":"hat makes you think 'm talking about pple's success? 'm talking about the hacker community, which is infinitely more valuable to me."},{"input":"orrect me if 'm wrong, but  don't think the  colonized any rab country.  think ritian controled places like gypt and alistine.","output":"hat, exactly, is audi rabia then?"},{"input":"his just goes to show how religion is systematically abused by those in power to manipulate the masses. uess arx said it best when he said religion is the opium for the masses.","output":"religion is the bureaucracy to spirituality"},{"input":"it's intriguing how angry this seems to make some people.  no doubt these people would be equally angry at food service workers being forced to wash their hands at work.  i just don't understand this mentality at allsomething about american entitlement...","output":"erhaps it has to do with the merican cultural understanding of time.  t is a resource to be spent wisely, and lorded over.y slowing me down, you are wasting my time, and stealing my life.t also has to do with the idea of liberty.iberty means freedom to do your own thing,   , it does not impair my ability to do my own thing.f you want to waste your own time, that's fine, just go in the slow lane and don't bother me."},{"input":"nyone know who the artist is on the soundtrack for this video?","output":"ho m  by eace rchestra heard it for the first time on the animatrix soundtrack."},{"input":"  his just in merican government corrupt!ld news folks. othing to see here, move along.","output":"ather than moving along,  would suggest that we pay attention when the government is corrupt."},{"input":"areful, ohn tossel has a rightwing agenda.","output":"tossel is a libertarian, so technically his agenda is neither right nor leftwing.  e sounds like a conservative on some subjects and a liberal on others."},{"input":"ather than moving along,  would suggest that we pay attention when the government is corrupt.","output":"orruption and government go hand in hand.hen buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators.  . . 'ourke"},{"input":"o how do you explain merica's success?","output":"heap labor, a large country with vast resources, european wars, tight control of atin merica, control of the iddle ast, the dollar, a free market, the english language etc."},{"input":"his article is uses fear uncertainty and doubt to wail against government funded safety nets. i.e. a libertarian agenda piece.","output":"you just said his article disturbs me so much but  cannot think about any argument against it, let's just call it names"},{"input":"areful, ohn tossel has a rightwing agenda.","output":"es be carefull, don't commit a thoughtcrime."},{"input":"orruption and government go hand in hand.hen buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators.  . . 'ourke","output":"o the best answer is to put up with it. hy try to change anything at all. ess just do nothing until it destroys everything in the country.  mean hey there are other countries."},{"input":"tossel is a libertarian, so technically his agenda is neither right nor leftwing.  e sounds like a conservative on some subjects and a liberal on others.","output":"ou mean the way libertarians are considered financially conservative and socially liberal?  hough libertarians are some of the smartest and most logical people that  know, they aren't immune from falling on a political spectrum on issues.  rgue the point fine, but let's not pretend libertarians are in their own political dimmension."},{"input":"ranz's llegro is the cream of the cream of software development platforms. upercool just became supercooler.","output":"m, any observation to back this up?  'll no doubt make a point of trying llegro for myself, but 'm curious as to what features inhabit the realm of supercooler."},{"input":"tossel is a libertarian, so technically his agenda is neither right nor leftwing.  e sounds like a conservative on some subjects and a liberal on others.","output":"'ve never quite understood the distinction between libertarians and anarchists.  oth are antiauthoritarian, both are eversoslightly scary.  s it just that libertarians are former righties and anarchists former lefties?  ts like they're both so far out on the political spectrum that they've met again."},{"input":"you just said his article disturbs me so much but  cannot think about any argument against it, let's just call it names","output":"o, he did not."},{"input":"...  should add that soft drinks are usually made with sugar outside the , and if you've ever tasted them side by side there's no question that the sugar tastes much better and doesn't have the metallic aftertaste of corn syrup.","output":"yes ndeed.  am from ustralia, where we have a major sugar industry, so everything uses cane sugar. nd it does taste much better.he corn syrup soft drinks overseas give me the shakes, and taste kind of metallic, very unpleasant.  feel sorry for you. o  am going have a nice  coke... mmm... ahhh...."},{"input":"his is pretty myopic.  o one is looking at all the products and technological advancements that won't happen because the wedish government is spending people's money to circumvent the natural path of the market.  il dependency will fade as oil increases in price, due to less supply, and you don't need to force people to adapt, they're doing it already.  y forcing a complete switch away from oil, you're destroying a lot of wealth.","output":"f you read the article you will notice that the rising coast of oil is what is driving the change, that and environmental concerns."},{"input":"o you agree that merica isn't a fundamentalist state then?","output":"ot historically.  ore recently we seem to be backsliding ..."},{"input":"hey're only wrong when they advocate government solutions ","output":"imple fool."},{"input":"imple fool.","output":"'ve discovered that seeing how libertarianism works and government doesn't requires looking at long term, widespread, and nonobvious effects of policies.  or example, how reducing business regulation increases wages, because employers know that it is easy for their employees to quit and start their own businesses.  mployers have to pay more to keep them.  ost people don't realize this unless they have a good mental model of how a society works.o, please don't sling such judgments around lightly, jugdementalist "},{"input":"topped using oogle esktop when  realized the cache was almost b in size.","output":"ow are you going to spend the . you're saving on storage?"},{"input":"'ve discovered that seeing how libertarianism works and government doesn't requires looking at long term, widespread, and nonobvious effects of policies.  or example, how reducing business regulation increases wages, because employers know that it is easy for their employees to quit and start their own businesses.  mployers have to pay more to keep them.  ost people don't realize this unless they have a good mental model of how a society works.o, please don't sling such judgments around lightly, jugdementalist ","output":"o, looking at facts, libertarianism causes massive unemployment and a massive  increase in  in the top  of the population. ust like what is found in every nation subjected to the 's ashington onsensus. or example rgentina."},{"input":"you just said his article disturbs me so much but  cannot think about any argument against it, let's just call it names","output":" was giving a preview for anyone else who reads comments before the article, like me."},{"input":"ow are you going to spend the . you're saving on storage?","output":"uying a roll of foil to make a hat."},{"input":"o we are sexualizing first graders now? r can't we understand there is a difference between children and adults?crewed up either way.","output":"ven further than that, can we stop sexualizing teenagers and adults?  nsexualize them?   really don't like having to avoid saying or doing anything that could be accidentally construed as sexual."},{"input":"yeah thats worked eal ell so far hasn't it.mericans need to understand that in that part of the world, the masses   want democracy.","output":"ine, what's your alternative? ntentionally make raq a bad place? ive as little control as possible to its people?"},{"input":"he cane sugar ones aren't as sweet, but thats fine with me. he sugar used has a lower gylcaemic index.lso,  think the myth of excessive sugar consumption causing diabetes was debunked some time ago. he other side effects are bad enough. f course, if you are developing adult onset diabetes, high bursts of sugar will not help the first time you show symptoms   but that is  the cause.","output":"nsulin bursts, caused by sudden absorption of rapidly digestible carbohydrates, are known to contribute to type  diabetes. oods high in refined starches and sugars are the primary culprints."},{"input":"ou mean  as in the radio station? agree that this kind of collusion between government and business is absolutely wrong.","output":" cited this quote in an comment about the elfare ueen article, but it's appropriate here toohen buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators  .. 'ourke.ost people with any kind of sense agree that corporate welfare is wrong, but power will always be abused.  t's the result of people following the laws of economics and maximizing their own self interest."},{"input":"ll votes are equal.","output":"this is just speculationkarma could have influence in the algorithm that mixes datehotness and votes as in, if your karma is high, when you submit a story it gets a hidden boost that lets it get nearer the top of the hot listings with fewer positive votes, which gives it more of a chance of getting a greater number of votes overall which makes sense because your high karma makes it more likely that the community will benefit from more early attention to your posts.that way, all votes are equal, but karma still matters."},{"input":"h.   think  see.  o the  field carries momentum counterrotational to the wheel?  s the induced magnetic field from the rotating charged disk significant?","output":" don't remember exactly how to calculate it, but basically, the combo of the changing fields resulting from the collapse of the coil's magnetic field and the accelerating disk and so on that carries it. 'd have to look up exactly how it works though."},{"input":"ven if this is secure, the temptation to look or search by oogleinsiders must be overwhelming.","output":" second that, also another thing about indexed data off site is that who knows how many backups google will make to insure failsafe. ost techies know that data is really hard to erase off a , and with large amounts of data such as this who knows if a couple back ups get misplaced?"},{"input":"ow are you going to spend the . you're saving on storage?","output":"ome of us have laptops, etc. where storage space is relatively limited. gb could easily represent  of total disk space."},{"input":"gt  give ogreek an ...hat do you give it for this?we have free housing, lunches, roadway shows, unlimited free subway passes, high salaries, a boat trip, a ankees game, two parties and a walking tour.","output":"agreed, everything but the technology itself is probably an  or  at the least"},{"input":"otta be a joke  ven if you buy that this could result in drain blockages, the possibility that they would attempt to use  matches... against what? hey're going to get blood samples from every student? ow?","output":"re t's probably a threat just to scare people.  lot of people don't know that much about , it might scare the person into confessing."},{"input":"ome of us have laptops, etc. where storage space is relatively limited. gb could easily represent  of total disk space.","output":"sn't there a correlation between the size of the disk being indexed and the size of the oogle esktop cache?"},{"input":"nyone else kind of disappointed with the ending?","output":"hat's the point, the rube goldberg devices are an incredibly complicated series of events designed to do something simple and mundane."},{"input":"ecause noone likes pdf's... is so much more functional.dit aving actually looked at the page,  have to agree that the font is pretty terrible, though.","output":"ow about changing the  stylesheet at the very bottom of the page? ''ve changed and found some of them more readable than the original ..."},{"input":"ere is your religion of peace  the radical slamist wants to impose haria over all the world.  o a google of onor illing and see why it is worth opposing these barbarians.","output":"ll of us are capable of reading. oliticize elsewhere."},{"input":" don't get it? his is optional right? f you are concerned about your documents being read by the government don't use this feature. r at least add passwords to your ffice documents. guess oogle could go the extra mile and encrypt your data on their servers.","output":"ast time  checked office passwords were purely for show, proper cryptanalytic attack cracks them in no time flat.f course, last time  checked is two office version ago, but still. nless you add some consistent encryption that google doesn't know about  which makes it, you know, unindexable, destroying the point.oogle encrypting your data would be pointless. f they can decrypt it, there is no reason they wouldn't be able to give it in response to a subpoena.ut yes, if this isn't optional it would be a privacy pain."},{"input":"oes anyone know about the process of making this?  t would seem that it would have a killer debug loopand isn't there a random component to where things land when thrown by an explosion?","output":" imagine you can save and load whenever you like. he time required to reset is much better than real life ube oldberg devices. ot sure about the explosions... thought the same thing."},{"input":"h, wow, just looking through this 'm already quite intrigued by some of the concepts that isp has  such as functions actually being a data type. want to learn more, although raham's preface says that this book is intended for those with at least some knowledge of isp already.an anyone recommend some great beginners books to learn isp?","output":"uby, ython, askell and aml have first class functions too  not that  want to discourage anyone from learning isp."},{"input":"mm, this is from .","output":"rue,  guess that doesn't not qualify as 'what's new online', but only  realized after  submitted.   still thought it was a good read though."},{"input":"opyright issues aside, is this web site blessed by aul raham?  've sent him an email raising his attention to this.","output":"'d be curious to know this as well.   emailed aul raham a few months ago asking for permission to print a dead trees copy of nisp using an ondemand printing service such as ulu.com.e assured me that plans are in the works to republish the book..."},{"input":"h, wow, just looking through this 'm already quite intrigued by some of the concepts that isp has  such as functions actually being a data type. want to learn more, although raham's preface says that this book is intended for those with at least some knowledge of isp already.an anyone recommend some great beginners books to learn isp?","output":"ractical common lisp"},{"input":"'m just curious  'm not a healthcare expert, but  don't think any insurance company would complain about your seeking care outside of the plan and footing the bill yourself  if the insurance denied lifesaving treatment, why didn't he just foot the bill himself? hy didn't the doctors quoted for this article waive their fees, or try to raise money to pay for the services outside of insurance? mean, if it were me, 'd rather be alive with three mortgages paying for my treatment.","output":"ancer treatments can be mind numbingly expensive.  articularly if the prognosis was less than great, a family man may not have wanted to offload hundreds of thousands in debt onto his kids and wife.e're also living in a heavily indebted society.  t's a bad call  but there are a lot of people out there who simply aren't able to raise a quarter million dollars all that easily.  his is both unforgivable and unconsionable.  rongfull death suit?  f a doctor had done this it would be murder one."},{"input":"ow, games? his employee should get the chair.","output":"...and a quick regen"},{"input":" like this article, especially his explanation of closures. his makes me want to stop writing perl for a while and try some python.","output":"ou might want to delve more deeply into erl its support for closures is what enables its bjectorientedness  and it supported closures long before ython did.  amian onway's bject riented erl is one of the best programming language books ever written."},{"input":"espite being fully insured... t'd be interesting to know what exactly the terms of his coverage were. aybe to know to avoid such coverage. erhaps he needed a particular form of treatment that was considered experimental according to the terms of his coverage. here's not a lot of detail in this story.","output":" form of cancer in which  forms of treatment are experimental?  as the morphine for the pain experimental too?"},{"input":"h anada ....","output":"ou mean where people die all the time awaiting things like dialysis and other commonly available treatments?  ealth care problems are a result of government intrusion. he solution is not more intrusion."},{"input":" its extremely disrespectful to turn anyone's funeral into a place to make political statements.","output":"ecause of all people, her life was not about politics in the least!?lease, spare me your false indignation.  he speakers were true to the spirit and life of oretta cott ing, and not a single person who knew her was offended.  ou're attempting to divert attention from the message of the speakers, and of oretta cott ing's life itself, simply because it doesn't match your politics.  hat itself is political statement on your part, and it dishonors the memory of everything she stood for."},{"input":"his is exactly why socialized medicine doesn't work.  hough erman doctors are heading to ritain, just wait.  hey'll all be headed over to the  soon enough.  octors are one of those little known imports that the  takes up.  he pay is so much better here.  ealth care, in my opinion, is also better here.  n ritain, expect to wait a few weeks for an .  nd if you have cancer, just pray.","output":"id you notice etherlands in the pay table?"},{"input":" think  saidbviously this is a sweeping statement, and is subject to a host of caveats and qualifiers like for the most part and in general, but you get the gyst.nd as for being smart pushing you leftwards  have no scientific evidence but my experience of the politics of people in academic institutions gives me at least circumstantial evidence.nd  categorical did not say o possible way a nonatheist could be smart. his is patently false. retty much everyone pre , and tephen awking being counterexamples.o fair enough, attack my position. ut don't put words in my mouth.","output":"nd what makes you think that tephen awking is not an atheist?"},{"input":"his is a good idea.  've been telling them since last fall that they should do a variant of this.","output":" think a better way is to implement a new filter under prefs hot since x hours."},{"input":"t's a realworld example of why free markets don't work  you need government regulation to ensure an even playing field for all participants.","output":" wouldn't say that the american health care system is free market.  t is heavily government controlled and regulated.   would call it a more government regulated monopoly.  imilar to many respects to the baby bells, than free market."},{"input":" wouldn't say that the american health care system is free market.  t is heavily government controlled and regulated.   would call it a more government regulated monopoly.  imilar to many respects to the baby bells, than free market.","output":"xactly.  nsurance companies get away with bad service and terms because regulation protects them from competition.  here should be loads of startup insurance companies challenging these guys, but it's a lot harder to do that than it should be.egulation is just about always proposed by existing companies in any given industry.  hey claim it's for consumer protection, but they're really just protecting themselves."},{"input":"ctually,  believe that the hot page is already what you are suggesting here. hile new shows just the new stuff without any filtering and top shows the stuff that got the best scores ever, hot ranks stories based on both score and recency.","output":"es, but the point is that it would be nice to have a page where you get a little slider for controlling how much weight age has in the equation.f you want to drink from a firehose, set it all the way to the left and see the equivalent of the ew page. f you want a bunch of  essays and other alltime favs, set it all the way to the right. therwise, just find a middleground that suits your usage pattern."},{"input":"ases like this always make me think about a death sentence for corporations. ines just don't work in some cases.","output":"n incorporated company can have it's acticles of incorporation revoked. t's assets are seized by the state and auctioned off. t is in effect, the death penalty for corporations. corporation does not have the right to life. ome corporations should be killed more often."},{"input":"ut in the case of companies it is still only money, it can still be seen as a calculated risk.","output":"let's tweak their calculations a little bit then."},{"input":"oesn't make any sense to me  the whole point of a domain name is that you own it and have portability.","output":"oesn't make sense for who? oogle or the user? es it's stupid to lock your domain name into google, but there are many idiots out there...."},{"input":"nother thing that could be used to address the  already saw this exact page a few hours ago problem would be a userconfigurable option to hide all stories with a vote from the user viewing the page. r perhaps a separate readflag would be better.","output":"uch an option exists. ou can hide stories that you have promoted or stories that you have demoted. r both together."},{"input":" know too many people that get  or  accounts worth of netflix, rip everything within  hours to their terraservers, and send them back the next day.  etflix has a point...","output":" false advertising point?"},{"input":"t explains how igg works and why it's so popular, and gives a list of igglike sites like reddit.","output":"igglike sites like redditow, that hurts!"},{"input":"  .    .    .","output":"ou're so right mate. all over"},{"input":"hat  find more difficult to understand, though, is the restriction on speech and access to knowledge.  free country has nothing to fear from the truth.ctually, it does.  ruth sounds noble and glorious and pure, but unrestricted access tom, say, everyone's medical history, and publication of the same, is not a good thing.ndeed, there is a similar argument made about the tate eavesdropping on its citizens.  f you have nothing to hide, then you have nothing to fear.  ut it seems less appealing when the shoe is on the other foot.he problem  is not that there are restrictions in place, but the type of restrictions, and the motivation for them. ","output":" think he said restriction on speech and access to knowledge. knowledge, not someone's personal information."},{"input":"his reminds me of when the traffic lights fail in a power cut. ather than the chaos you'd imagine drivers just take it in turns letting each other through.","output":"'d assume that drivers would treat it like a stop sign, not because  have some great insight into human nature but because the law says to treat it like a stop sign."},{"input":" can't believe they put the dyed liquid in their mouths!","output":"on't worry. he followup study conducted a halfhour later suggested no ill longterm effects."},{"input":"he product name is rototype.  m, that's almost as bad as the name of my favorite terminal emulation software, screen.    othing like having to oogle on a common word in hopes of finding a specific product.","output":"eah, but it's a really sweet library. oo bad the article in question is from an advent calendar two months ago..."},{"input":" think he said restriction on speech and access to knowledge. knowledge, not someone's personal information.","output":"nd who decides what's knowledge and what's personal information?  imagine a politician convicted for embezzling money considers that personal information ... would you?nowledge  those things one wants to find out, and personal information  those things one wants kept secret."},{"input":"f you don't trust any business with your personal information why are you even on this website? o join a commune.","output":"ts not that  don't trust any business with personsal information... reddit.com can keep my ip address that's not a big deal.  toring an entire domains email on the other hand is another matter.  f you can't understand the difference maybe you should go join a cult, dupe, they'll take care of you just believe in the all powerful google."},{"input":"ts not that  don't trust any business with personsal information... reddit.com can keep my ip address that's not a big deal.  toring an entire domains email on the other hand is another matter.  f you can't understand the difference maybe you should go join a cult, dupe, they'll take care of you just believe in the all powerful google.","output":"s opposed to hosting your email on some random virtualhost provided by, originally, lord knows who?o, it's better than that.f you built the computers storing your email, then yes, that is considerably more private.  would like to suggest that that is and will remain a tiny, tiny portion of email users."},{"input":"y tendency to procrastinate hasn't been helped in recent months, now that reddit is just a single click on my bookmarks toolbar...","output":"o... class action lawsuit, anyone?"},{"input":"o hablo spanol, en ngles por favor.","output":"n the title of this entry there is the word italian.o distinguish italian from spanish is easy in any case btw."},{"input":"oes apan's legal system allow this?  e should at least be able to sue the  folks for a share of the revenue he generated himself...awsuit?  !  re you there, awsuit!?","output":"t's a apanese  show. ost of it is fake."},{"input":"'d be interested to know more about this highly structured cognitive behavioral therapy they prescribe as a treatement.","output":"y guess would be...prison."},{"input":"here do you get that this is literally for fun?  he video is presented totally without context as anticontractor propaganda.  everal of the cars came way too close often, contractor vehicles carry a sign warning to maintain distance to prevent the contractors from being attacked by vehicleborne suicide bombers.  n the third clip it looks like they may have taken fire.","output":" didn't know suicide bombers had passengers in the rear seat.  uh."},{"input":"oesn't make sense for who? oogle or the user? es it's stupid to lock your domain name into google, but there are many idiots out there....","output":"ut google isn't in the business of making products that only appeal to idiots, so  think it's unlikely that they will do this."},{"input":"here do you get that this is literally for fun?  he video is presented totally without context as anticontractor propaganda.  everal of the cars came way too close often, contractor vehicles carry a sign warning to maintain distance to prevent the contractors from being attacked by vehicleborne suicide bombers.  n the third clip it looks like they may have taken fire.","output":"he contractors clearly discriminate between approaching vehicles and cars pulling right up alongside they only fire upon the former. our argument for keeping a distance from potential suicide bombers falls apart right thereone would expect a certain envelope on all sides for relative traffic. hese motorists were shot at, and potentially hurt or killed, for virtually no reason.hese guys are basically living out rand heft uto in a noconsequence zone. ointless."},{"input":"wesome.oes anybody have any idea how this works, or how someone came up with it?","output":"lose up, we read a person's face by the the finer parts of his features.  rom afar, however, we must rely on more macroscopic shading.  hese pictures,  think, have one face's finer features superimposed on a blur of the other's shading."},{"input":"volution and faith a false dichotomy.","output":"ndeed."},{"input":"wish you would have wrote this  years ago!","output":"e too."},{"input":"hat part of 'private event' is confusing? agree that the punishment is out of line with the offense.  he should have simply been asked to leave, but there are no free speech issues here.  here is no right to speak at a private event.hat being said,  don't think much of  'private political rallies'.  t isn't difficult to preach to the choir.","output":"hey should have had some consideration for the rain and distance it would take for her to leave peacefully. he proper thing to do, if they absolutely wanted to kick her out, would have been to offer to drive her back."},{"input":"k was a manmade computer problem.  eak oil is about a limited, finite, natural resource.  nce someone even mentions yk as being a similar problem to peak oil, they prove themselves to be clueless idiots.","output":"k had to do with dates on computer programs.  o fix it, programmers spent months adding an extra digit to all their programs.  e cannot flip a switch and force the earth to manufacture in a few years a substance that took the earth millions of years to create."},{"input":"hat part of 'private event' is confusing? agree that the punishment is out of line with the offense.  he should have simply been asked to leave, but there are no free speech issues here.  here is no right to speak at a private event.hat being said,  don't think much of  'private political rallies'.  t isn't difficult to preach to the choir.","output":" bush and cheney rallies are private events,  if they are filmed or photographed.  hey don't want visible dissenters.f you visited my home, and you verbally disagreed with something, should you be arrested merely for disagreeing?  fter all, that would be a private event as well."},{"input":"keptical? f you are skeptical in nature you should be doubting peak oil  it is the suddenly boosted into the mainstream by just journalists, spouting lots of dubious statistics without a solid proof, etcetera.he article itself is a pretty good one. he only thing it fails to mention is that peak oil is so far still a theory and by no means a certainty.  ut this is good in a way ven if you take peak oil as gospel, this article explains that it won't be the next . omparing peak oil to yk is a good comparison, too.","output":"omparing peak oil to yk is as dumb as it gets. or one thing there is no economic incentive to hype peak oil as it was from the consultants towards yk."},{"input":"here do you get that this is literally for fun?  he video is presented totally without context as anticontractor propaganda.  everal of the cars came way too close often, contractor vehicles carry a sign warning to maintain distance to prevent the contractors from being attacked by vehicleborne suicide bombers.  n the third clip it looks like they may have taken fire.","output":"ey, 'm gonna start firing on tailgators, hope that's ok with you.  hey might hurt me, you know, and 'm soooo afraid!"},{"input":"k had to do with dates on computer programs.  o fix it, programmers spent months adding an extra digit to all their programs.  e cannot flip a switch and force the earth to manufacture in a few years a substance that took the earth millions of years to create.","output":"orry, don't mean to insult anyone.  ducate yourself!"},{"input":"he arab world is in such a state because of colonialism and not because of slam. he slamic fundamentalists have so much power in the uslim countries because the colonialists helped them to get into power, in order to weaken the iddle eastern countries and colonise them. slam is not a violent religion or some that mistreat women. undamentalists do. slam and true uslims don't. urthermore, we own the uslims a lot in terms of scientific advances and knowledge in general. hey are the ones who collected and translated most of the philosopher's works from reece, which as you probably know is the basis of our moral  emocracy is greek. hey also made huge advancements in sciense, medicine and mathematics such as lgebra, surgery, anatomy and astronomy. n fact, they invented algebra and algebra in itself is an rabic word. suggest you do a bit of historic research before you post. f you take all your information from the  or newspapers, you don't really have a critic mind. n order to have an opinion on some topic we need to compare different sources of information before we build an opinion in our mind.nyway,  guess nobody is even going to care about what 'm saying, or perhaps not even read it... ou guys know everything, you have the truth and so you can speak like that.","output":"ould you give me some specific examples of inventions developed by muslims?  ot trying to be snarky at all, it's just that  have heard by several different sources that muslims have never invented anything, and for the last two thousand years they've been at constant war. thought it was the greeks who developed all those things you talked about.  ou know, ristotle, alileo, opernicus?ethinks you're mistaken, actually."},{"input":"f  shoot a hunter by accident, will  also not be charged?","output":"ot if the victim was partially at fault, doesn't press charges, and was only lightly injured because your gun was full of birdshot.f course, heney's daemonic aura and flesheating alliburton lawyer zombies would allow him to get away with human sacrifice in imes quare, but here it's overkill."},{"input":" bush and cheney rallies are private events,  if they are filmed or photographed.  hey don't want visible dissenters.f you visited my home, and you verbally disagreed with something, should you be arrested merely for disagreeing?  fter all, that would be a private event as well.","output":"ell if  refused to leave, yes.    think the organizers were schmucks for not giving her a ride back to her car and pressing trespassing charges but  also think she was silly to choose getting arrested instead of walking in the rain.   also think a  year old woman who chooses to go to a rally for a party she doesn't support should be able to avoid responding to the speaker with primal wails that carried across an airplane hanger.he whole story sounds a bit bizarre from both points of view."},{"input":" sort of pity any country whose leaders still engage in bird hunting.ays a lot about the current  administration a hunter  coupled with a farmer from exas.","output":"gt a farmer from exaseah, from that quaint little exas farming community called ew aven, onnecticut"},{"input":"hen 'm   don't want folks claiming 'm too old to walk in the rain.","output":"orry.  idn't mean to imply that.till not great choices though.he really odd part though is this he guy told her walk down that road and leave, or be incarcerated., then handcuffed her, read her rights and cited her with criminal trespass.  e then proceeds to give her a ride to her car!"},{"input":"here do you get that this is literally for fun?  he video is presented totally without context as anticontractor propaganda.  everal of the cars came way too close often, contractor vehicles carry a sign warning to maintain distance to prevent the contractors from being attacked by vehicleborne suicide bombers.  n the third clip it looks like they may have taken fire.","output":"k, fine, let's assume this is in self offense, some proactive protocol to make sure no cars get too close.  hey are still shooting at civilians  of the time, and even if they are aiming to make warning shots, they are still firing in the direction of innocent people and no matter how good of a shot they are, firing from one moving vehical at another they can't be certain they won't hit someone.  ny way you look at it, it's just plain wrong.ronically, the  being in raq is the exact same thing.  ure, someone from alhatever could know someone else in raq, but going in there and blowing up buildings with hock and we is just as mindless and just as wrong.  ither way, you're killing innocent people just to give yourself a false sense of security."},{"input":"ey, 'm gonna start firing on tailgators, hope that's ok with you.  hey might hurt me, you know, and 'm soooo afraid!","output":" hope you work for a private security contractor...otherwise you need to follow the law."},{"input":"here do you get that this is literally for fun?  he video is presented totally without context as anticontractor propaganda.  everal of the cars came way too close often, contractor vehicles carry a sign warning to maintain distance to prevent the contractors from being attacked by vehicleborne suicide bombers.  n the third clip it looks like they may have taken fire.","output":" can't believe that you would consider it acceptable to often have these vehicles carry warning signs. he should  carry warning signs. hat is the least they could  do to avoid civillian casualties. "},{"input":"he joke would have been funnier if you replaced atheists with nihilists.","output":"t would have lost its subtle jab. ou hardly ever see something this blatantly, farcically stupid that doesn't have a religious connection. hat's the point as far as  could tell."},{"input":"'m sure the government will soon confirm his lqaeda links.......","output":" propose he be sent to raq since he likes shooting humans."},{"input":"he guy was ...","output":"as he a democrat? o you think that might've been the reason heney did it? o you think he won't go to jail, in that case?"},{"input":"f  shoot a hunter by accident, will  also not be charged?","output":"hat might depend. ay you're wearing a turbant, or have a large beard. hen, in your case, according to the ush administration, that'll get you itmo."},{"input":"gt a farmer from exaseah, from that quaint little exas farming community called ew aven, onnecticut","output":"o, he's from idland, exas, an oil town.  e went to college in ew aven.  is family hails from elsewhere in onnecticut."},{"input":"here do you get that this is literally for fun?  he video is presented totally without context as anticontractor propaganda.  everal of the cars came way too close often, contractor vehicles carry a sign warning to maintain distance to prevent the contractors from being attacked by vehicleborne suicide bombers.  n the third clip it looks like they may have taken fire.","output":"s contractor a nicey nice term for mercenary?"},{"input":"o is that clipboard thing a bug in ?  r a 'feature'?","output":"he latter if you ask , the former if you ask anyone else."},{"input":"he headline is a bit misleading. think everyone should design their sites according to web standards that includes using alt text for images. ice web designers might even throw in a few  rules for screenreaders and braille terminals. hat said,  don't like the idea that you can be sued for bad web design.","output":" rules for screen readers and braille terminals?  o you have any idea about what you're talking?"},{"input":"omething is rotten in the state of... exas. nvading her private space?? hat is going on here?","output":"alk to the hand.  he face don't understand."},{"input":"ets not lose sight of those heads of state who terrorize and abuse the rights of their own people.","output":"eah,  hate ugo havez, too."},{"input":"unters orturing and killing animals for fun.","output":"right on midlifecrisis. let's tell those despicable meat eaters what's up. no more death to animals. i cant believe my insurance company wont cover my pets to get the care they need. my cat needs dialysis"},{"input":"he headline is a bit misleading. think everyone should design their sites according to web standards that includes using alt text for images. ice web designers might even throw in a few  rules for screenreaders and braille terminals. hat said,  don't like the idea that you can be sued for bad web design.","output":"laying evil's dvocate a little bit, why should arget's website be excluded from the  while arget's physical buildings must comply?eems to me it'd be cheaper and easier to make a website comply than a building."},{"input":"hat would take consistent adherence to undisputed ideals and things like that.neliner lameness is easier to recognize","output":" bumped you up because you made me smile.  "},{"input":"nfortunately, the interpretation of the report leads me to believe that what it did was hold the goals of the west up and see how well the region meets it.f course they don't have democracy  it's antithesis to current or historical slam! f course women aren't treated as equals  it's part of the function of women having separate roles in slam! owever, it's foolhardy to believe that innovation is only possible in a democracy  look at the  and hina. erhaps democracy is optimal  'd certainly rather live in a democratic state than a theocratic one. 'd certainly rather live in a capitalist society than a planned economy. owever, it seems silly to blame the problems of the rab world on this alone.ikewise, the idea of blaming colonialism is silly. n subsaharan fric, it makes more sense. he continent was sliced up in such illogical ways and was decimated for four centuries. heir woes are the culmination of four centuries of tragedy. owever, most of the rab world had a rather short stay of colonialism. o they lost a little land to srael  they've had more than enough money to cure the woes that such offenses brought.rankly, it seems like the religion itself is to blame. hose who could improve the situation the innovators, inventors, and iconoclasts don't want to live under such restrictive rules? hat would happen if we ignored the work of all atheists in the west? hat if we drove them out, like ermany did instein and many in the ewish brain trust that stayed in merica after orld ar ? hat if we imprisoned and murdered homosexuals, like uring?","output":"ou know,  have to admit to uncovering some prejudice within myself after reading this.  f course!  he scientists would naturally feel restricted in a muslim country, and therefore they would emigrate elsewhere.  t is in less restricted countries where their ideas are developed, and where they receive credit for their work.  his explains why  never hear about rabs inventing anything.  t also explains why, that yes, horribly restrictive muslim countries will always have to be the buyers of new technology, never the inventors.lso, as long as a country treats their women like property, they will never have the respect of countries that are far more enlightened."},{"input":"hat part of 'private event' is confusing? agree that the punishment is out of line with the offense.  he should have simply been asked to leave, but there are no free speech issues here.  here is no right to speak at a private event.hat being said,  don't think much of  'private political rallies'.  t isn't difficult to preach to the choir.","output":"our point is totally correct, but a nitpickgt here is no right to speak at a private event.here's a right to speak absolutely anywhere you're allowed to be. hey can, however, revoke your permission to be in a private event if you don't follow their rules. ee the distinction?"},{"input":"he arab world is in such a state because of colonialism and not because of slam. he slamic fundamentalists have so much power in the uslim countries because the colonialists helped them to get into power, in order to weaken the iddle eastern countries and colonise them. slam is not a violent religion or some that mistreat women. undamentalists do. slam and true uslims don't. urthermore, we own the uslims a lot in terms of scientific advances and knowledge in general. hey are the ones who collected and translated most of the philosopher's works from reece, which as you probably know is the basis of our moral  emocracy is greek. hey also made huge advancements in sciense, medicine and mathematics such as lgebra, surgery, anatomy and astronomy. n fact, they invented algebra and algebra in itself is an rabic word. suggest you do a bit of historic research before you post. f you take all your information from the  or newspapers, you don't really have a critic mind. n order to have an opinion on some topic we need to compare different sources of information before we build an opinion in our mind.nyway,  guess nobody is even going to care about what 'm saying, or perhaps not even read it... ou guys know everything, you have the truth and so you can speak like that.","output":"elter, it is always interesting to read differing viewpoints.   did learn some things from this thread, mainly because of you, and people arguing against you.  lease don't feel bad.owever, 'm even more opposed to restrictive fundamentalists now more than ever.'m willing to hear more, though.   know some moderate muslims here in the united states, and they seem okay."},{"input":"he funnier part is the comments from people asking that the joke be explained","output":"he funniest part is the guy who didn't even ask, but just assumed it was an attack on atheists because atheists are always getting fursecuted."},{"input":"elter, it is always interesting to read differing viewpoints.   did learn some things from this thread, mainly because of you, and people arguing against you.  lease don't feel bad.owever, 'm even more opposed to restrictive fundamentalists now more than ever.'m willing to hear more, though.   know some moderate muslims here in the united states, and they seem okay.","output":"t's not the moderates who terrify me.  t's the fundamentalists who treat woman like property.  f the xian fundies get their way, we'll be living in the dark ages.ou might not come back to this thread, so 'll try to find you in another, because you seem like a thoughtful, intelligent person.  'd like to ask you how you personally feel about the proper role of women in a society."},{"input":"o, he did not.","output":"ow, lots of bad karma for stating a plain fact! "},{"input":"o reddit, apparently...","output":"o, you're mistaking libertarians for leftists."},{"input":" ! istorians just discovered that talin, ao sesung and itler were hippie atheists whose prime pastime was picknicking! n fact, they were the most peaceloving massmurderers to ever have graced arth's soil with holiday death camps, gulag funparks and operette cultural revolutions! ! oday, ,,, muslims went out on the streets to buy groceries, go to work and  protest cartoons, in stark contrast to , other muslims, or . of the muslim population, who riotously protested what they perceived to be antimuslim cartoons. he . of the muslim population were mostly backed by nongovermental organisations that handed out anish flags, lunch packs and cigarette lighters. ale of anish flags in ran is up  compared to last year.      e don't know!!","output":"he difference betwenn religious and nonreligious people like that is the reason they have for their actions. o atheist kills theists because he was told to do it in a  year old book. hey have reasons from their own life, good or bad ones, but the reasons are their own, not the ones of long dead people."},{"input":" think throwaway is a libertarian in disguise playing devil's advocate on't forget the premise that only an arrogant fool could think he can reliably predict the effects of social policy.  f this is true, then then how can we possibly trust anyone to have control over society?  ny politician must certainly be an arrogant fool.he premise is false.  f course, that doesn't mean that politicians are  arrogant fools.  t simply means that anyone who predicts the effects of social policy is not necessarily an arrogant fool  foolishness is ignoring reason when making your predictions.  any great scientists were considered arrogant fools before their ideas came to be widely accepted as correct, even ideas that seem obvious now.","output":"ha ha yah, good point."},{"input":"or those who don't know this already, arkdown is the engine that turns eddit comments into .","output":"ndeed, this submission makes little sense if one doesn't know this. ike, cool, yet another wiki dialect..."},{"input":"aybe the use of secret in the article's title was intended as sarcasm...","output":"ugh!  f it is,  can't tell!"},{"input":"seems like a duh article to me.","output":"well, they've done a study, and put actual numbers to it.  that's worth something."},{"input":"ext time add something like indows to   to the title please","output":"ctually, it's a testament to the success of pple's campaign that people thinking of witchers think of indows to ac witchers. certainly did, anyways, when  read the title."},{"input":"'ve been to the tidepools and this isn't the best location to shoot for them.","output":"i pmendoza, shot at high tide unfortunately. lease feel free to recommend a better spot and  will be glad to add it to the site."},{"input":" heard on  that the elderly man he shot returned to the hunting group after shooting a bird and failed to announce his presence.  pparently heney mistook him for the fabled iant ald urkey rumored to roam the forrests of exas.r maybe this is phase two of ush's new edicare reform bill.","output":"lmost every day during the hunting season you see at least one item in the newspapers about somebody who has shot somebody else, under the impression that he was a deer with a red hat, perhaps. aybe a large fleshcolored squirrel. t any rate, it seems to me that this marks an encouraging new trend in the field of blood sports ...hanks to om ehrer for that thought."},{"input":" ep  ! new on the internet","output":"o you have a point?  r is rediculously useful and nearly unknown."},{"input":"his is why the rule of law is so important.  ith out our politicians living by the law we will become victims of arbitrary anger.  his is why ush's survelance should be stopped.  f it's not then someday  will get rended by a politico and be given a ticket, or shot on the premises.","output":"lways with the ush bashing eh. tick to the point. uman rights violations in ussia."},{"input":"o, you're mistaking libertarians for leftists.","output":"iberals are here too. am, anyway."},{"input":"he most common flame wars 've seen are not the related to misinterpretation of email at all, rather flame wars fall under two broad categories . some people like to nitpick every little thing you say  i.e. they like to argue, . some people will disagree with your stance  i.e. they just don't like what you have to say.","output":" disagree, and misinterpretation doesn't need a hyphen.orry. t had to be done."},{"input":"ctually, it's a testament to the success of pple's campaign that people thinking of witchers think of indows to ac witchers. certainly did, anyways, when  read the title.","output":" thought indows to inux actually."},{"input":"an  ask exactly what application crashes the whole of  when it happens?","output":"verything that can trigger a bug in something that runs as a driver. ames crash indows through irect or buggy opy rotection rivers, ovie players through codecs, ..."},{"input":"gt t's okay to point my finger at them when they don't, isn't it?ou can point at the mericans that aren't doing what you think they should do. t's not ok to point at mericans.","output":"ou're right, 'm adjusting my statement, your way of saying it is more correct.'m pointing my finger at mericans that don't do what they should do to keep people, like the current hite ouse administration, out of power. think 'm justified in that."},{"input":"o you have a point?  r is rediculously useful and nearly unknown.","output":"hy does someone need an  webpage to show  to the world?ust point to www.rproject.org"},{"input":"verything that can trigger a bug in something that runs as a driver. ames crash indows through irect or buggy opy rotection rivers, ovie players through codecs, ...","output":"o drivers, not applications."},{"input":"well, they've done a study, and put actual numbers to it.  that's worth something.","output":"ot really, considering  of all scientific tests are inaccurate."},{"input":"gt guys like itler, ao, talin and to a lesser extent heney.gt eople who share characteristics with them are everywhere. 'm not a heney lover, but it offends me no end to see you include him in that list of mass murderers. ou do an injustice to the tens of millions that died at the hands of itler, ao, and talin.","output":" said to a lesser extent, that means not equal. ut  do think they share  characteristics.f course  think that heney is responsible for far less people than itler. nd that ao is the biggest mass murderer of all time, more than  million.ut part of the reason 'm putting them in the same sentence is because  want to help  people from dying.  hope 'm doing that by writing this. he more people we can  from dying needlessly premature horrible death, the better no? 'm sure that r. heney agrees with me on that and would defend my efforts of promoting this ideal.'m sorry if  offended you, 'm not trying to lessen the suffering the people must have felt under itler, talin, ao etc.  feel a kind of pain when  think of their victims. lease believe me.nd please help me, it's not that hard, we're the majority after all."},{"input":" said to a lesser extent, that means not equal. ut  do think they share  characteristics.f course  think that heney is responsible for far less people than itler. nd that ao is the biggest mass murderer of all time, more than  million.ut part of the reason 'm putting them in the same sentence is because  want to help  people from dying.  hope 'm doing that by writing this. he more people we can  from dying needlessly premature horrible death, the better no? 'm sure that r. heney agrees with me on that and would defend my efforts of promoting this ideal.'m sorry if  offended you, 'm not trying to lessen the suffering the people must have felt under itler, talin, ao etc.  feel a kind of pain when  think of their victims. lease believe me.nd please help me, it's not that hard, we're the majority after all.","output":"rders of magnitude less wouldn't you say?"},{"input":",  wasn't aware of such a law.  an  use ussolini and the talian fascists in my example instead?","output":"he fascists are fair game "},{"input":"hy does someone need an  webpage to show  to the world?ust point to www.rproject.org","output":"you have to go through , , and  to get to "},{"input":"rders of magnitude less wouldn't you say?","output":"rders of magnitude less wouldn't you say?es, rue"},{"input":"ot really, considering  of all scientific tests are inaccurate.","output":"eah, especially since  of all statistics are made up right?your comment is one of those that the study is talking about, sarcasm or seriousness. s this statement sarcasm or serious?"},{"input":"iberals are here too. am, anyway.","output":"o, you're mistaking liberals for leftists."},{"input":"ou're right, 'm adjusting my statement, your way of saying it is more correct.'m pointing my finger at mericans that don't do what they should do to keep people, like the current hite ouse administration, out of power. think 'm justified in that.","output":"gt 'm pointing my finger at mericans that don't do what they gt should do to keep people, like the current hite ouse gt administration, out of power.ou mean mericans who don't vote right?hat country are you in odulo?"},{"input":"o, you're mistaking liberals for leftists.","output":"f that's a mistake, then yes, yes  am. y understanding is that the left, in merica, is mostly subsumed in progressivism amp thus merican iberalism. ot a whole lot of plain old ommunists here."},{"input":" agree, and the modding is even worse than on slashdot.","output":"isdom of crowds."},{"input":"orgive my ignorance, but does this have anything to do with cold fusion and really cheap electricity?","output":"uclear fusion has been explored as a potential source of power, but we are not looking at this as an energy source right now hope they do"},{"input":"o drivers, not applications.","output":"f you include irect as a driver, then yes."},{"input":" think you've missed the point.  re you arguing that if you're hit from behind by a politician you're a loser and deserve to go to a labour camp for four years?  hat's not a fine place to live because the law is discriminatory and arbitrary.  aking it to the top seems to mean you're a thug in a gang that rules on the basis on privelege rather than merit.","output":" agree.  t's a 'survival of the fittest' attitude.  ich or poor, powerful or weak, arbitrary laws like this lead to social unrest if working citizens have no confidence that their system administers justice equally for all, it chips away at security of all kinds economic, familial, and national."},{"input":"aven't we had enough of ideology?  merica doesn't need an ideological left any more than it needs the current ideological right that is firmly entrenched in ashington.hat we need is a rejection of ideologies in favour of pragmatic, commonsensical, reformist, truthful ideals.he immorality of the raq war, for example, is not because it is an invention of the merican right.  his unethical untruthful immorality is the product of an ideology, but an opposing ideology is not required to consider it, attack it, and ultimately end it.","output":"he word 'ideology' is used as an insult throughout the   nevertheless, it is doubtful whether one can act politically without acting ideologically as well.f course, since the current incumbent of the hite ouse ran on an antipolitical ticket, and critics of the administration are often accused of playing politics, perhaps politics is about to go into the same verbal junkyard as ideology.owever... beware the unpolitical politician, beware the unideological politician."},{"input":"ot really, considering  of all scientific tests are inaccurate.","output":"s the great thinker omer once saideople can come up with statistics to prove anything ... fourteen percent of all people know that."},{"input":"rders of magnitude less wouldn't you say?","output":"es, about two orders of magnitude less, but  people dead in raq, fghanistan,... are still a lot of dead people."},{"input":"es, about two orders of magnitude less, but  people dead in raq, fghanistan,... are still a lot of dead people.","output":"ut to compare with ao or talin, how many of those did heney actually murder though? he insurgents aren't following heney's orders are they."},{"input":" agree with you that this article is not very scientific, however this is the first time  read about prions and 'm a second year cellular biology student. ever has anything been introduced about prions in any class i took.","output":"hate to inform you, cell biology is the old guard. you're preparing yourself for years of drudgerous lab monkey work. maybe in  years you'll be allowed to learn about prions or form research plans of your own, until then      ."},{"input":"mentally dull but physically energeticush?","output":"e is the operational definition."},{"input":"o you know www.google.com? hat might help you.  am not in the statistical research and  know  for  years maybe.","output":"'m glad you're so wellinformed.re you somehow affiliated with the project?"},{"input":"bout time. ut why icasa first? hy not start with , the most practical and useful oogle desktop app?","output":"ecause we already have beagle and deskbar."},{"input":"ecause we already have beagle and deskbar.","output":"hen again, we already have pot, so maybe they're just picking at random."},{"input":"ractions are quite a small subset of the reals.  re there actually any real world tasks which require precise fractions but don't require precise square roots, logs or trig?","output":"oney would be a good example.  ne of the first things they tell you when joining the financial software industry is on't use floats for currency!, and yet everybody does it anyway.  'm betting that the recurrent complaints  hear about friends missing pennies from their bank statements is all due to roundoff error.he current best practice  expressing all currencies in terms of the lowest denomination of that currency  is impractical because there are so many different lowest denominations.  nd they even change look at the rule change a couple years back that switched  prices from being quoted in ths to being quoted in cents.ractions would be an ideal fit for exact monetary calculations."},{"input":"ussard is an honorary professor at the asteur nstitute in aris, rance.nd prions are chaperones.","output":" was actually wondering what it means to be an honorary professor.  hat doesn't seem to imply that he should know what he's talking about.  lso, while prions and chaperones both act by changing the conformation of a protein,  would argue that they are not the same.   chaperone is coded by the genome of that same individual and is specifically designed to aid in the folding of a particular protein.  rions, however, are infectious agents that misfold proteins into a nonfunctional conformation."},{"input":"you have to go through , , and  to get to ","output":""},{"input":"'m glad you're so wellinformed.re you somehow affiliated with the project?","output":"ope, are you? 'm gald that you are glad that  am well informed. re you?"},{"input":"negative ?","output":"y karma dropped from  to "},{"input":"y karma dropped from  to ","output":"ool, now it's down to .  he unthinking hordes are automatically modding down everything  post without looking to see if it's actually interesting.  his is a great social experiment in how reddit actually works  it doesn't matter if your posts are interesting, if people don't like what you say in comments."},{"input":"plus  each for shipping","output":"hich represents an  saving from ell's normal shipping price!"},{"input":"y karma dropped from  to ","output":"t's now halved again in an hour."},{"input":"oney would be a good example.  ne of the first things they tell you when joining the financial software industry is on't use floats for currency!, and yet everybody does it anyway.  'm betting that the recurrent complaints  hear about friends missing pennies from their bank statements is all due to roundoff error.he current best practice  expressing all currencies in terms of the lowest denomination of that currency  is impractical because there are so many different lowest denominations.  nd they even change look at the rule change a couple years back that switched  prices from being quoted in ths to being quoted in cents.ractions would be an ideal fit for exact monetary calculations.","output":"our bank account balance is between . and ..  oon you'll be able to write a check for a sum that lies between . and .. "},{"input":"his is the best thing ever submitted to reddit.","output":" think  might be in agreement. his is like the fusion of five or six essays worth of terrific commentary.  can't find a point  disagree with."},{"input":"he article is from , so the idea doesn't seem to have caught on quickly.","output":"hings generally don't happen overnight in science and technology.hen  was in school  was daydreaming of discovering spaceflight and travelling to far planets, now 'm a software architect brainlessly implementing the daydreaming of my idiot boss, thats life."},{"input":"hat didn't look like a very serious crash.nd truth be told,  was starin'... you know what  mean.","output":"'m amazed at how sensitive people are modding on reddit.ust mention looking at cleavage or joke about how difficult it would be to cheat an ndian and people almost take it personal and mod you out of existence.f you really benefit from an article or comment, mod it up.f someone  oversteps the bounds, mod it down,  get a life and don't overreact because you are personally oversensitive or offended."},{"input":"hat looks awesome, but what happens when you place your new laptop down on a big a magnet??","output":"gt ut nanoscale magnets proved to be a much better alternative because they were not subject to stray electrical charges..."},{"input":" hate to admit it, but this is really true.  t's incredibly annoying to be talking to a guy about a problem, and have him suggest an obvious solution.   immediately suspect he either doesn't think 'm very intelligent or doesn't care what 'm saying, and thus become wary about discussing problems with him in the future.","output":"rom the other side of the fence t's incredibly irritating to be listening to a woman with a problem, and have her not seeing an obvious solution.  immediately suspect she either doesn't think or doesn't care what she's saying, and thus become wary about listening to her problems in the future.hat i don't understand is, why women do this. ommunications fails most of the time anyway, so why make it more complicated by not mentioning the intention directly? ust to constantly test the empathy of men?en believe more in trust than in constant testing. hat's why we forget alentines ay and other annual things. hey just don't matter for something like trust. rust is earned by extraordinary doings not by buying some flowers.ell, i whining here ... women are just so mysterious ..."},{"input":"xcellent, excellent, and almost entirely on target. 'm only unsure about tarcraft. 'm not sure how well the game's storyline would translate to a movie.","output":" think a series like erenity would be better. ometimes they come quite close with this cowboy atmosphere. t just lacks the liens."},{"input":"xcellent, excellent, and almost entirely on target. 'm only unsure about tarcraft. 'm not sure how well the game's storyline would translate to a movie.","output":"hey don't have to translate the game's storyline into a movie, the game's universe is rich enough to create a brand new story."},{"input":" think  might be in agreement. his is like the fusion of five or six essays worth of terrific commentary.  can't find a point  disagree with.","output":"t's worth reading the amers anifesto linked at the base of the list as this also makes some very good points."},{"input":" think a series like erenity would be better. ometimes they come quite close with this cowboy atmosphere. t just lacks the liens.","output":"gt a series like erenityou sound like you haven't seen irefly..."},{"input":" second that comment. anada not only has a thriving nuclear power sector, they have a thriving nuclear reactor export industry. apan gets a good chunk of its electricity from nukes, despite their allergy to nuclear weapons.","output":"gt despite their allergy to nuclear weapons."},{"input":"eah, especially since  of all statistics are made up right?your comment is one of those that the study is talking about, sarcasm or seriousness. s this statement sarcasm or serious?","output":"ostly sarcasm, there was such a study but  forget whether it applies or whether that matters at all."},{"input":"hich represents an  saving from ell's normal shipping price!","output":"f you can actually place the order without the promotional price magically disappearing, it represents even more of a savings than ell."},{"input":"rom the other side of the fence t's incredibly irritating to be listening to a woman with a problem, and have her not seeing an obvious solution.  immediately suspect she either doesn't think or doesn't care what she's saying, and thus become wary about listening to her problems in the future.hat i don't understand is, why women do this. ommunications fails most of the time anyway, so why make it more complicated by not mentioning the intention directly? ust to constantly test the empathy of men?en believe more in trust than in constant testing. hat's why we forget alentines ay and other annual things. hey just don't matter for something like trust. rust is earned by extraordinary doings not by buying some flowers.ell, i whining here ... women are just so mysterious ...","output":"en are trained to hide their emotions and only communicate concrete information.  omen learn to communicate their emotions.  he emotion is direct, it's just that us men are misinterpreting the message by filtering out the emotional information."},{"input":" am not sure it is banning them so much as requiring the user to clear them with the models involved. he reason for this would likely have to do with the model's future career. f  used the images in such a way that the model lost future work, well it is only fair to check with the model, no? don't like that there are touchy subjects out there, but  personally would not like to have my photos used in a piece of anti abortion literature, others might fear for future jobs if their image appeared in a religious context...","output":" definitely understand that argument, and you're right it's phrased in terms of permission rather than being forbidden outright. ut  grouping homosexuality with substance abuse, just to take one example from the agreement, is asking for trouble to say the least."},{"input":"eah this never really took off in the mainstream, and thats a shame.","output":"t had plenty of time and star power to demonstrate it's usefulness and failed.et the idea didn't entirely die. f you compare literate programming to acceptance testing framework it, there are some clear parallels. hile literate programming remains a tiny niche idea, it has carved a significant mindshare.o perhaps literature and programs weren't as analogous as nuth thought. ut the verification tests for a program? ow there are some facts for human consumtion, a clear space where literate programming could flourish. t did, but with common office apps instead of e."},{"input":"the article does not say anything about reducing firefox's memory usage by half or more.  ","output":"ditto."},{"input":"'m not sure what exactly  was expecting, but it wasn't really all that interesting. lastic bins move around, workers put items in them, and they get packed and shipped.","output":" agree.   find the ads available on ewgg's front page more interesting.   like the combination of low price, cool stuff and online reviews."},{"input":"hy does every new theory, programming strategy, or piece of software anyone comes up with have to be termed a paradigm shift?","output":"oogle uhn tructure cientific evolutions and start reading.  he book's full of holes, but it's incredibly important for educated people to read anyway."},{"input":"rom the other side of the fence t's incredibly irritating to be listening to a woman with a problem, and have her not seeing an obvious solution.  immediately suspect she either doesn't think or doesn't care what she's saying, and thus become wary about listening to her problems in the future.hat i don't understand is, why women do this. ommunications fails most of the time anyway, so why make it more complicated by not mentioning the intention directly? ust to constantly test the empathy of men?en believe more in trust than in constant testing. hat's why we forget alentines ay and other annual things. hey just don't matter for something like trust. rust is earned by extraordinary doings not by buying some flowers.ell, i whining here ... women are just so mysterious ...","output":" don't know why we do this, but  wouldn't say it's some sort of test.   completely agree that trust is one of the most important things in a relationship.  owever, 'd say that feeling comfortable enough to talk about my problems to a guy is a big sign of trust.   guess guys just communicate differently...they're so mysterious..."},{"input":"e cautiously says ombinator has flaws.  m, so?  hat's the point and why do so many people rate this as significant?","output":"eriously.  hat a vacuous article."},{"input":"e cautiously says ombinator has flaws.  m, so?  hat's the point and why do so many people rate this as significant?","output":"            !!!"},{"input":"ou know, it is possible even if nobody gets ripped off.  hat's the whole idea of relative value at work, and it's the whole basis behind the free market.aybe person  values a paperclip more than a pencil, and person  does the reverse.  f they trade, they're both winners.  his can go on and on, it's just a matter of finding people with the right relative values along the way.f course, in this case part of the value includes fame, which accelerates the process.","output":"es, it shows how the irrationality of agents in a free market can be used for personal gain."},{"input":"misleading title, this doesn't say anything about reducing memory.  t is only explaining how firefox works.","output":"id you not read the last couple of lines? f you set this preference to another value, e.g. ,  pages will be cached. ou can set it to  to disable the feature, but your page load performance will suffer.o set it to  to reduce firefox memory usage."},{"input":"hat video reminds me of why  sold my motorcycle.  here are no minor accidents when you are on a bike.","output":"e o minor accidents when you are on a bike   won't argue against the statistical fact that motorcycling is much more dangerous than driving, but if you're wearing proper safety gear it is indeed possible to have a minor accident. 've demonstrated this a couple times he woman is a racer, and racers know about crashing. he was wearing full protective gear. rom reading the forum thread it sounds like she hit her head and will have some bruises. ot bad given the situation."},{"input":"            !!!","output":"ep, aul raham and that kamikaze guy on the reddit frontpage. ime to go to bed  guess."},{"input":"e gives constructive criticism of ombinator, which is more than saying ombinator has flaws.  e lists what the flaws are.  t's significant because reddit readers tend to be aul raham followers.","output":"et some competitors isn't really constructive criticism. he only other suggestion is to invest different amounts of money. ut the author ignores why  invests that amount of money  it's to give the programmers enough to live comfortably for three months while they build a prototype."},{"input":"es, it shows how the irrationality of agents in a free market can be used for personal gain.","output":"hey're not being irrational, they just value the enjoyment of being part of this experiment more than the difference in their valuations of the objects they're trading.ou could argue that they're acting on incomplete information.  f someone decides that participating wasn't worth it after all, their negative experience will become part of their information so they don't make the same mistake again.  ll in all, this is a really interesting economics experiment."},{"input":"gt 'm pointing my finger at mericans that don't do what they gt should do to keep people, like the current hite ouse gt administration, out of power.ou mean mericans who don't vote right?hat country are you in odulo?","output":"he etherlands"},{"input":"id you not read the last couple of lines? f you set this preference to another value, e.g. ,  pages will be cached. ou can set it to  to disable the feature, but your page load performance will suffer.o set it to  to reduce firefox memory usage.","output":"here do  go to change said preference?   couldn't find it in the article, nor can  find it in the irefox preferences."},{"input":"here do  go to change said preference?   couldn't find it in the article, nor can  find it in the irefox preferences.","output":"gt o how do  access browser.sessionhistory.maxtotalviewersgt to edit the value??gt gtgt pen up a blank window, then go to the 'address' gt aboutconfig. hen scroll down until you find it.r just type max to filter the list"},{"input":"the article does not say anything about reducing firefox's memory usage by half or more.  ","output":"ead between the lines. f you set browser.sessionhistory.maxtotalviewers to a small value like  or  you reduce 's memory usage by half or more.ead this commenten my man, that worked.  went from hogging  of my ram to a swift  with the same tabs and page clicks. here were you  months ago "},{"input":"gt here is one big difference between these two he ac   interface smartly puts every application's menu bar on top of the screen. have never liked this about acs.nd umber  isn't even a  issue.","output":" disagree,  think a  shouldn't put search prompts where they don't belong, so for me it  a  issue."},{"input":"e cautiously says ombinator has flaws.  m, so?  hat's the point and why do so many people rate this as significant?","output":" don't know about you, but the reason  rated it as significant was that if similar articles show up, 'd like to see them.  hough reddit's  makes this woefully unclear, the purpose of the up and down arrows is not to say yay or boo but to train a filter.t's a shame the  doesn't make this clearer, because this is a really significant difference between reddit and digg.  t digg you do just say yay or boo, whereas at reddit you might mod up an article you disagreed with, if it was interesting in the sense that you'd like to see more like it."},{"input":"t's a shame we don't hear more moderate uslim voices in the mainstream media. ieces like this, if they got more airtime on  and on radio, may do wonders towards fostering understanding in the estern world about the causes of slamic extremism. t makes me so sad that our governments continually turn a blind eye to any of the root causes of terrorism, focussing only on ridiculous notions of them hating our freedom. nstead trusting that force of arms and perceived righteousness will carry the day and lead the world to peace. ut what can we do when no one wants to listen?","output":"ou don't understand. ur leaders are doing the same, they just don't go to the extremes. hey need a common enemy too, to divert the public eye from their own failures inside their own countries."},{"input":"ou don't understand. ur leaders are doing the same, they just don't go to the extremes. hey need a common enemy too, to divert the public eye from their own failures inside their own countries.","output":"hat's why  think it's sad we don't hear more about this in the mainstream media. e can only have the wool pulled over our eyes if no one else is willing to let us see something other than wool."},{"input":" think this article missed a key point  in most of the countries that oyota operates factories, health care is provided by the government, not the company.","output":"aving worked with  and ord as a vendor and teacher of quality practices, and being a student of eming,  would have to say that your health care point is not a point at all,  believe it is simply a red herring."},{"input":" don't know about you, but the reason  rated it as significant was that if similar articles show up, 'd like to see them.  hough reddit's  makes this woefully unclear, the purpose of the up and down arrows is not to say yay or boo but to train a filter.t's a shame the  doesn't make this clearer, because this is a really significant difference between reddit and digg.  t digg you do just say yay or boo, whereas at reddit you might mod up an article you disagreed with, if it was interesting in the sense that you'd like to see more like it.","output":" agree that reddit's  needs to make this more clear.  think may people are voting up and down based on if they agree with the article or comments.  've rated a lot of stories based on what  like to see, and lately 've been disappointed,  notice that  am not enjoying reddit as much as  once did.  realize now that  look at 'hot' topics, and probably should be looking only at 'recommended'. 'll see if that improves my experience on the site."},{"input":"ou don't understand. ur leaders are doing the same, they just don't go to the extremes. hey need a common enemy too, to divert the public eye from their own failures inside their own countries.","output":"ou really want to make a moral equivalence to honour killings of girls, oppression of women, female genital mutilation, polygamy??? ou don't say who your leaders are that you speak of but  bet the worst of them don't condone such things. here are  few true leaders in power around the estern world.  good deal of the reason for this is because of attitudes like yours that are selfhating and make excuses for intolerable acts by repeating the kindergarten mantra of he did something bad too to deflect blame and support a stupid and pointless political argument. ow can true leaders with real moral standards ever win support if the electorate consists of people with attitudes like yours? n that respect our societies have very similar problems as the muslims. f we all remain apathetic then we get this malaize and will continue to regress and devolve into an ignorant mob. ime to demand higher standards."},{"input":"!  !  !  !  !  !","output":"n all seriousness, if epublicans want the second amendment to last out the decade, they need to cut heney loose, pronto."},{"input":"sorry, no, its not art, its vandalism. who's going to pull them all down and properly dispose of the batteries, etc? gh.","output":"'d call it littering before  called it vandalism. t's not permanent damage."},{"input":" agree that reddit's  needs to make this more clear.  think may people are voting up and down based on if they agree with the article or comments.  've rated a lot of stories based on what  like to see, and lately 've been disappointed,  notice that  am not enjoying reddit as much as  once did.  realize now that  look at 'hot' topics, and probably should be looking only at 'recommended'. 'll see if that improves my experience on the site.","output":".., 've run the experiment. ecommended is much better for me than 'hot' topics. ecommended correctly suggested  might like a day old story that only had  karma point.  now realize a serious  error on the ecommended page.  ecommended should  display the arma points. ecommended should display something else, perhaps a percentage from  to  that eddit believes  will like the story. eddit on the new and hot pages has taught me to not click on stories with low arma points. his is a hard habit to break on the ecommended page where eddit is in fact selecting stories it thinks  will like, so  haven't been clicking on the low arma score stories.  simple fix to this page might also help train people on the remaining pages that the goal is to teach reddit what your like."},{"input":"t had plenty of time and star power to demonstrate it's usefulness and failed.et the idea didn't entirely die. f you compare literate programming to acceptance testing framework it, there are some clear parallels. hile literate programming remains a tiny niche idea, it has carved a significant mindshare.o perhaps literature and programs weren't as analogous as nuth thought. ut the verification tests for a program? ow there are some facts for human consumtion, a clear space where literate programming could flourish. t did, but with common office apps instead of e.","output":" really like ,  love the idea. ts all about validating things in plain language. ts quite nice.  guess it makes sense that the  concepts gelled nicely in my mind. ever thought of  like that."},{"input":"ou really want to make a moral equivalence to honour killings of girls, oppression of women, female genital mutilation, polygamy??? ou don't say who your leaders are that you speak of but  bet the worst of them don't condone such things. here are  few true leaders in power around the estern world.  good deal of the reason for this is because of attitudes like yours that are selfhating and make excuses for intolerable acts by repeating the kindergarten mantra of he did something bad too to deflect blame and support a stupid and pointless political argument. ow can true leaders with real moral standards ever win support if the electorate consists of people with attitudes like yours? n that respect our societies have very similar problems as the muslims. f we all remain apathetic then we get this malaize and will continue to regress and devolve into an ignorant mob. ime to demand higher standards.","output":" didn't say they do all those things.  said they use the same method to divert the public eye from the problems in their own countries even if those problems are totally different. don't think our western leaders are as moral as you think they are. ost of them are orders of magnitudes better than people allowing the things you mentioned but they are far from the ideal moral leaders and as long as people don't see that the true leaders with real moral standards you mention won't be elected since people won't see a difference between our current major party candidates and the ones from smaller parties that still have some ideals left."},{"input":"s there any info about how they take it down? s it just retracted? r are the balloon remotely popped?","output":"urely they retracted it.   mile of falling cable sounds pretty dangerous."},{"input":" didn't say they do all those things.  said they use the same method to divert the public eye from the problems in their own countries even if those problems are totally different. don't think our western leaders are as moral as you think they are. ost of them are orders of magnitudes better than people allowing the things you mentioned but they are far from the ideal moral leaders and as long as people don't see that the true leaders with real moral standards you mention won't be elected since people won't see a difference between our current major party candidates and the ones from smaller parties that still have some ideals left.","output":"nd you just prove my point by attacking an argument that neither  nor anyone else made supporting our leaders rather than addressing the point of the message."},{"input":"ou really want to make a moral equivalence to honour killings of girls, oppression of women, female genital mutilation, polygamy??? ou don't say who your leaders are that you speak of but  bet the worst of them don't condone such things. here are  few true leaders in power around the estern world.  good deal of the reason for this is because of attitudes like yours that are selfhating and make excuses for intolerable acts by repeating the kindergarten mantra of he did something bad too to deflect blame and support a stupid and pointless political argument. ow can true leaders with real moral standards ever win support if the electorate consists of people with attitudes like yours? n that respect our societies have very similar problems as the muslims. f we all remain apathetic then we get this malaize and will continue to regress and devolve into an ignorant mob. ime to demand higher standards.","output":"hy is it that whenever anyone in the west criticizes their own government, that person is labelled as selfhating and accused of making excuses for foreign extremism? think the point is, is that there isn't a balanced view of the issue. ot taking a balanced look at what may be the root causes of slamic extremism will solve no problems. aking pretty speeches about evildoers and barbarians burning embassies may win public support, but it encourages no lasting, constructive solutions to the problem.o there's this image of the insane, evil slamic enemy created by estern leaders and perpetuated by irresponsible media coverage, either for uniting the country or for ratings, that contributes to this unbalanced view of slamic extremists.n no way am  condoning or supporting the actions of terrorrists or whackjob fundamentalists.  find their methods brutal, abhorrent, and it makes me sick the way they brainwash their own people into blowing themselves up or hating nonuslims. ut  think that to ultimately defeat them, we need to understand why the average uslim person can be driven to believe in such madness at least beyond the point of thinking they hate our freedom."},{"input":" mostly agree with you.  nly dissagreement is that  don't think that was oel ranting, just someone participating in the discussions on his site.ut yeah, for now, you need to get the book.  t's really not that long.... the first  pages or so are for a very good walkthrough, the rest 've only used as a reference so far.","output":"h my bad, you are right it was not oel.  ut at least the rant spurred some discussion."},{"input":"greed the article is almost unreadable.hat  want to know is how to learn good handwriting! y handwriting is ugly, but  want very much for it to be pretty. 'm willing to invest some time into it, but  don't know how to learn.","output":"ou might try each ourself etter andwriting.   got the book, but 'm too lazy to actually use it, so  can't say whether it would really help, but the exercises they recommend make a lot of sense to me."},{"input":"s there any info about how they take it down? s it just retracted? r are the balloon remotely popped?","output":"hey had a chimp climb the rope with a pin to pop them. eard it on onkey ews."},{"input":"h my bad, you are right it was not oel.  ut at least the rant spurred some discussion.","output":"hehehe... all the fans are really hammering the forum now."},{"input":"ow did  people mod this to the front page  it was on the front page?","output":"es,  think this is the first time 've ever seen a dupe on eddit.on't turn into the dupefest that is igg and lashdot!  fear that perhaps eddit is outgrowing the small site it used to be."},{"input":"ou know what?  olitical argument aside, this article sucks!   can't believe the  allowed this feed.  here are two spelling mistakes and three grammer errors, aside from a pitifully slanted tone.  oo hiss.","output":"hat were the grammar errors?"},{"input":"nd  thought  had an original suggestion! o, how to convince the reddit folks that they should fix this? 'd be happy to charge a large  consulting fee so everyone could feel better that the advice is important and needs to be implemented. ","output":"'d think that the guy giving them their money telling them so would rate pretty highly on the 'important' scale..."},{"input":"ou really want to make a moral equivalence to honour killings of girls, oppression of women, female genital mutilation, polygamy??? ou don't say who your leaders are that you speak of but  bet the worst of them don't condone such things. here are  few true leaders in power around the estern world.  good deal of the reason for this is because of attitudes like yours that are selfhating and make excuses for intolerable acts by repeating the kindergarten mantra of he did something bad too to deflect blame and support a stupid and pointless political argument. ow can true leaders with real moral standards ever win support if the electorate consists of people with attitudes like yours? n that respect our societies have very similar problems as the muslims. f we all remain apathetic then we get this malaize and will continue to regress and devolve into an ignorant mob. ime to demand higher standards.","output":"ho claimed there was moral equivalence here? learly no western leader condones honour killings or any equivalent.ll he said was that the hate them, not us trick is being used by the merican government as well. otice that the administration is now talking about another  years of war, and drawing analogies to the old ar.hey kept up the old ar until ussia said we don't want to play any more.  wonder if the slamic world will reach the same point one day... and whether merica will stop if they do."},{"input":" wonder what conditions are like for the coalition soldiers who have been captured?  as anyone seen an article about what it's like in an insurgent, l aeda, or aliban  camp?","output":"ot many get captured is the truth.  hose that do get videotaped and a ransom requested.  ften they get decapitated.  ost that are captured by insurgents are in fact civilians.  he coalition soldiers know better than to be located where they have a chance of being captured.  niped at sure, suicide bombed, yes, but not captured."},{"input":" prefer ite.  asier to use yet still powerful.","output":"ut it doesn't scale with concurrent access. or smaller projects it is an easy and cool option, though."},{"input":"ot many get captured is the truth.  hose that do get videotaped and a ransom requested.  ften they get decapitated.  ost that are captured by insurgents are in fact civilians.  he coalition soldiers know better than to be located where they have a chance of being captured.  niped at sure, suicide bombed, yes, but not captured.","output":"ou're absolutely right,  was actually making a snarky comment about how the prisoners at bu hraib are treated far better than captured civilians or coalition forces.  an anyone imagine a captured westerner being given a ible, a lawyer, and due process by those people?"},{"input":"ou really want to make a moral equivalence to honour killings of girls, oppression of women, female genital mutilation, polygamy??? ou don't say who your leaders are that you speak of but  bet the worst of them don't condone such things. here are  few true leaders in power around the estern world.  good deal of the reason for this is because of attitudes like yours that are selfhating and make excuses for intolerable acts by repeating the kindergarten mantra of he did something bad too to deflect blame and support a stupid and pointless political argument. ow can true leaders with real moral standards ever win support if the electorate consists of people with attitudes like yours? n that respect our societies have very similar problems as the muslims. f we all remain apathetic then we get this malaize and will continue to regress and devolve into an ignorant mob. ime to demand higher standards.","output":"gthere are  few true leaders in power around the estern world.  good deal of the reason for this is because of attitudes like yours that are selfhating and make excuses for intolerable acts by repeating the kindergarten mantra of he did something bad too to deflect blame and support a stupid and pointless political argument. agree that there aren't many leaders, but  think the reason is more to do with the fact that we have the presence of mind to not need being lead. e can choose our own path. he core belief of ocke's original iberalism was that we are not ruled by government we delegate responsibilities to government."},{"input":"o if  mark this down, does that mean reddit things  don't like it? ause  do like the story, just not the dupe. aybe we need a dupe button inbetween the arrows  to try and get dupes off the front page as fast as possible.","output":"es, this is one of the things that bugs me about reddit at the moment. e need a spam button and a dupe button for each story, as well as the usual up and down arrows."},{"input":"            !!!","output":", unny."},{"input":"hat were the grammar errors?","output":" can find two a missing comma in p and an extra one in p.  he rest of the errors are probably acceptable since the article uses a conversational tone.t any rate, the point standswhy is an unedited article from an antiheney author being published?  he very valid argument would serve its purpose better if it didn't look like a rant."},{"input":"ind of wierd. akes me wonder, who would think up something like this? ut after watching the whole thing,  have to say that it is absolutely awesome....it made me feel like  could  the music. ery, very cool.","output":"t first  didn't catch that it was connected, but then it just clicked and was amazing, especially toward the end."},{"input":"hey're not being irrational, they just value the enjoyment of being part of this experiment more than the difference in their valuations of the objects they're trading.ou could argue that they're acting on incomplete information.  f someone decides that participating wasn't worth it after all, their negative experience will become part of their information so they don't make the same mistake again.  ll in all, this is a really interesting economics experiment.","output":"gthey're not being irrational, they just value the enjoyment of being part of this experiment more than the difference in their valuations of the objects they're trading.ou're describing irrationality.gtou could argue that they're acting on incomplete information. f someone decides that participating wasn't worth it after all, their negative experience will become part of their information so they don't make the same mistake again. ll in all, this is a really interesting economics experiment.gain, you are describing an irrational agent and trying to explain it by assymetric information."},{"input":"gthey're not being irrational, they just value the enjoyment of being part of this experiment more than the difference in their valuations of the objects they're trading.ou're describing irrationality.gtou could argue that they're acting on incomplete information. f someone decides that participating wasn't worth it after all, their negative experience will become part of their information so they don't make the same mistake again. ll in all, this is a really interesting economics experiment.gain, you are describing an irrational agent and trying to explain it by assymetric information.","output":"first time  agree with fnord"},{"input":"'having to restart the web server because you changed a bit of  is annoying'ou don't.  don't know what issue the poster in that link was having, but it is not rails' normal behaviour. n development mode, rails reloads all your application code on each request. ou should only need to restart the web server if you change the database connection configuration. he templates also run live in production mode, so you can change them without a restart there too should you want to.","output":"ince he was talking so much about databases,  bet he was complaining about having to restart the webserver whenever he messed with the database, which, if he was dealing a lot with databases, would be reasonably annoying."},{"input":"ho claimed there was moral equivalence here? learly no western leader condones honour killings or any equivalent.ll he said was that the hate them, not us trick is being used by the merican government as well. otice that the administration is now talking about another  years of war, and drawing analogies to the old ar.hey kept up the old ar until ussia said we don't want to play any more.  wonder if the slamic world will reach the same point one day... and whether merica will stop if they do.","output":"if, by ..don't want to play any more, you mean, the government collapsed then, yes,  agree"},{"input":"ou're absolutely right,  was actually making a snarky comment about how the prisoners at bu hraib are treated far better than captured civilians or coalition forces.  an anyone imagine a captured westerner being given a ible, a lawyer, and due process by those people?","output":"o that makes our behavior right?  ice logic there, keylime."},{"input":"ossibly if you hatched yesterday the lucid portions of this might seem new.","output":" think  understand your points. ot detracting from your critique on the writer's lucidity  which  support   don't see why  should concern myself with new stuff only.s this your point? hat  should only submit new developments on any subjects?"},{"input":"here is a keyword missing in the title, some.ewly orming olar ystem as ome lanets unning ackwards.","output":"yeah, like what an idiot the submitter is, 'm modding it down now, thanks for drawing attention to it dude."},{"input":"ot much there, but it has potential.","output":"es it has a lot of potiential, just need contributions."},{"input":"ead between the lines. f you set browser.sessionhistory.maxtotalviewers to a small value like  or  you reduce 's memory usage by half or more.ead this commenten my man, that worked.  went from hogging  of my ram to a swift  with the same tabs and page clicks. here were you  months ago ","output":"othing of the sort is implied by the article text."},{"input":"  year of the straw man argument. o fans have been the worst.ers havent been so bad","output":"ould you cite examples of  using straw man arguments?"},{"input":"ow do they keep it from twisting?   have a hard time keeping my headphone lines untangled  wish  knew their secret.ill the balloons go into orbit eventually?  ow does the anchor move across the ocean?  hat if it drags across a city or a mountain range and gets stuck?    his is so confusing  don't understand it.","output":"y guess would be that the elevator would connect to something that's in a geosynchronous orbit  that is, it doesn't really move in relation to the ground, so the anchor would just stay in one spot."},{"input":"his is not very interesting.","output":"ut it is kinda funny..."},{"input":"t's not just that, the compound remains in the produced eflon.'ve heard of studies that have found negative health effects in people who spend a lot of time cooking over teflon pans.","output":"ny links to those studies?"},{"input":"mmm.  easoning  old cooking grease that was not completely washed off.  um.","output":"hat's funny, but  think it's an overstatement.  he article advises scubbing cast iron with sea salt and rinsing.  n order to season cast iron, you're supposed to brush olive oil on the surface and bake it in the oven.  r, you can just keep using it.  or best results, avoid scrubbing with soap and harsh abrasives."},{"input":"here's the anodized aluminum option?  efinitely better than cast iron for many cooking tasks.","output":" wouldn't want to get anodized aluminum really hot...the kind of high heat cast iron handles well."},{"input":"o that makes our behavior right?  ice logic there, keylime.","output":"f you'll take a breath through your nose instead of your mouth, bother to read what  wrote, and try to think before you put your paws on the keyboard you'll see  said no such thing. was commenting about how journalists are quick to jump on wrongdoings by our side yet reluctant to show what the other side is doing."},{"input":"aving worked with  and ord as a vendor and teacher of quality practices, and being a student of eming,  would have to say that your health care point is not a point at all,  believe it is simply a red herring.","output":"ow so?  s it not true that all merican companies are hurt by the fact that part of their profits must be spent on health care for their workers, and this is only made worse for car companies because they are competing with foreign companies that can bring their unit costs down because they don't have this expense.  uch like any merican company must deal with if they are competing with a foreign company?"},{"input":"hat's keeping you from trying out ?m, perhaps that  don't code in ava?","output":" is possible in other languages too e.g. ython. y guess is that it's just the ava guys touting it so much because it helps solve ava's verbosity to a certain extent."},{"input":"'m hoping that this is a sort of metajoke by the creator of the petition.  therwise, the degree of idiocy involved in its creation is unfathomable.","output":"ost of the signers claim to be omanian.   suspect they're a bit behind the internet meme curve."},{"input":"hy? t's a gag site. t's a big joke. ighten up.","output":"f course it is, but it's a well done joke.  bear no affiliation with the respective site,  merely wanted to see the speed of reaction from reddit users. nd 'm impressed by the speed of the responses ersonaly... like all the kitty pictures  ..not the bonsai ones of course..lso 'm personally unvoting my submission "},{"input":"here's the anodized aluminum option?  efinitely better than cast iron for many cooking tasks.","output":" was going to ask the same thing.  love mine. hey aren't as nonstick as eflon but better than steel.  have an iron skillet too for super hot things like steaks, but the aluminum is great for sauces. o...how poisonous is it?"},{"input":"ould you cite examples of  using straw man arguments?","output":"o.  think  was meaning thinking bigotry on that line.  am not sure how my mind shifted frames from one line to the other, but it did. ctually no lisp fans have made any straw man arguments that  can recall. hey are generally smart enough not to."},{"input":"gtor ormons, the lack of discernible ebrew blood in ative mericans is no minor collision between faith and science.ere's an explanation, for any ormons who may still be confused about this perplexing issueou know when oseph mith looked into a hat containing a rock that he said was magic? nd in that hat, he said that he saw an angel, and the ook of ormon? nd he recited the book that he saw to a scribe, who copied it down?he rock wasn't magic.  e didn't see an angel.  e didn't see a book.ext question?","output":"o, who did write the ook of ormon, then?"},{"input":"as anyone noticed that this article is over  years old?","output":"ou're showing your age. nly people under  think that  years ago is old!"},{"input":" deal with my family with kindness and love. hey arent afraid when  come back from an execution. ometimes they help me clean my sword.ock on audi rabia.","output":"hat's really scary is that he only sharpens the sword every now and again...ow does he decide it's time? hen the head doesn't come off with the first blow? r heaven forbid, the second?hat said,  think decapitation is more humane than the electric chair or hanging."},{"input":"o, who did write the ook of ormon, then?","output":"oseph mith."},{"input":"'d call it littering before  called it vandalism. t's not permanent damage.","output":"except that batteries are a serious source of pollution. hich makes it much worse than littering, as in emptying your car ashtray through the window."},{"input":"ead the ikipedia article. here are documented cases of prisoners being maimed and then having to wait to be finished off.","output":"hat do you think a botched beheading is like, then?"},{"input":"hat's funny, but  think it's an overstatement.  he article advises scubbing cast iron with sea salt and rinsing.  n order to season cast iron, you're supposed to brush olive oil on the surface and bake it in the oven.  r, you can just keep using it.  or best results, avoid scrubbing with soap and harsh abrasives.","output":"very description of seasoning that 've ever seen says to make sure you don't scrub the pan to bare cast iron.  nd your description agrees with this.'m a little surprised that people who are worried about eflon manufacturing fumes are unconcerned about cooking on old, dirty cooking detritus that has been repeatedly heated to high temperatures.hen washing these seasoned cast iron pans, black stuff just keeps coming off.  t's disgusting.  ut maybe it's better to eat that than eflon manufacturing compounds."},{"input":"f they could find an inconsistency in slam they would have done so already, it would make too many people happy. hat you will find in the oran is the precise value of the speed of light. ny educated person will tell you that great scientific progress was made in medecine, mathematics, astronomy, etc. by arabs after the emergence of slam. his was all before the lunatics started grabbing the headlines.","output":"whoosh! way over your head, i'm afraid."},{"input":"oseph mith.","output":"oseph mith?  he illiterate, ignorant farmboy who had a thirdgrade education?  ho wrote the book in its entirety from pril to une of  and then scraped the funds together to get it printed in arch of ?  hat's crazy talk just as crazy as magical hats, seer stones and angels.  ext up hicago ubs take the ' orld eries."},{"input":"or every epsilon greater than zero, there exists a website.hat has to be the dumbest tag line 've ever heard.  hat a bunch of retards.","output":"ave you ever heard of epsilondelta proofs of limits? f not, then the tagline will not make sense to you. thought it was pretty cool."},{"input":"very description of seasoning that 've ever seen says to make sure you don't scrub the pan to bare cast iron.  nd your description agrees with this.'m a little surprised that people who are worried about eflon manufacturing fumes are unconcerned about cooking on old, dirty cooking detritus that has been repeatedly heated to high temperatures.hen washing these seasoned cast iron pans, black stuff just keeps coming off.  t's disgusting.  ut maybe it's better to eat that than eflon manufacturing compounds.","output":"old, dirty cooking detritus might give you food poisoning, but likely won't kill your pets. teflon fumes are poisonous to birds."},{"input":"f they could find an inconsistency in slam they would have done so already, it would make too many people happy. hat you will find in the oran is the precise value of the speed of light. ny educated person will tell you that great scientific progress was made in medecine, mathematics, astronomy, etc. by arabs after the emergence of slam. his was all before the lunatics started grabbing the headlines.","output":"he precise value of the speed of light?  ullshit."},{"input":"'ll decide whether to mod this one up or down tomorrow","output":"hh. avid llen might have a fit."},{"input":"aybe the problem is not with the curriculum but with the teachers.  think the biggest problem with science teaching is that it mostly is done by people who just teach from a text book avoiding any passion for explaining things.lus, it is also unfair to the teachers if they are underpaid and have a class with too many students to deal with. hey tend to go for the middle of the group and the outliers get dumped.aybe that the guy who wrote the article never understood what it is good for.","output":"ure, education might not be working too well, but from there to saying that people shouldn't learn algebra there's about a megaparsec.'m not sure how much 'd give credence to that teachers are underpaid thing. t varies a lot from country to country, but in many countries teachers are very well paid comparatively, have great holidays, and incredible job security. lso there's some tentative evidence that payment of teacher doesn't correlate with quality of education, but social prestige of teachers correlates more."},{"input":"oseph mith?  he illiterate, ignorant farmboy who had a thirdgrade education?  ho wrote the book in its entirety from pril to une of  and then scraped the funds together to get it printed in arch of ?  hat's crazy talk just as crazy as magical hats, seer stones and angels.  ext up hicago ubs take the ' orld eries.","output":"ven though he had very little formal education, oseph mith wasn't illiterate or ignorant.  is lack of education is overplayed by most people.he ook of ormon is a surprising piece of work for some hick from upstate ew ork, but that doesn't mean that the ook of ormon is true."},{"input":"'m unsure about the demoting on eddit. 've actually had a couple of times where a link  submitted quickly got a  or , and thus were never seen. ater almost the same link ended up with a large positive score.  think if the first reader or two blasts you, you're gone, which  think is a little too arbitrary.","output":"here is a mad eddit ush our  posting then is guranteed to sink your post either through votedowns or by too many posts pushing the post down. here seems to be some bot like entiry that goes around voting down posts every now and then and the reddit guys do nothing about it. ots and lots of good stories get lost during the reddit rush hour."},{"input":"ou drive your truck on federal property, you have to obey federal law.   think we all agree on that, no?","output":"id you read the article? e didn't violate any federal law.n the other hand, if this was really the beginning of a fascist state, as the guy with the truck asserts,  don't think we'd ever have heard from him at all."},{"input":"ude,  think you missed the point.","output":"erhaps so!  hat did  miss?"},{"input":"et another task at which java fails spectacularly.","output":"ava, like ython, uby and all other interpreted languages, has the added cost of starting up the interpreter. he  is a very slow starter, but after that, there's not much difference with  or  or ."},{"input":" think it was probably point forwards like a ladder on a firetruck and it was to tall so when the front part hit the bridge it smashed through the side. hen it extended upwards as the bottom was dragged under the bridge.","output":"ingo... ralifornia, you figured it out."},{"input":"ctually,  figured it was solicitation, so  found the orginal study and read it.  t turns out that the one type of crime pretty girls and ugly girls both commit is robbery   guess pretty girls have to shoplift too!","output":" was making an obsecure joke refering to the  deadly sins. ut yeah, thanks for the research,  suppose they shoplife for cosmetics."},{"input":"here is a mad eddit ush our  posting then is guranteed to sink your post either through votedowns or by too many posts pushing the post down. here seems to be some bot like entiry that goes around voting down posts every now and then and the reddit guys do nothing about it. ots and lots of good stories get lost during the reddit rush hour.","output":"hat time?"},{"input":" skimmed through the bill and read , . ot being an merican, and admitting my limited skill in legalese,  don't see how this bill would enshrine a two party system. t's not that  don't believe you, 'm just curious to hear why you feel this bill would enforce two parties only.","output":" think keylime actually meant  amp ."},{"input":"o be honest,  think that domain names registration needs to be a little tighter. ake a look at whitehouse.com or whitehouse.org. hose sites are plainly based on the idea of fooling consumers into thinking they've found whitehouse.gov. long with yahooo.com and the rest, those should be shut down, since they aren't trying to make their own brand, they're preying on consumer confusion. hen there's things like paypa.com, which are straight up fraudulent. n the other hand, a site like microsoftsucks.com is fine, since it's perfectly clear to the consumer that the site is unaffiliated with the real .","output":"omains are not brands. ure, some are, but most are not, nor should they be. ying them to brands is evil. hey used to be tied to brands under the .es tld, in order to get a domain you needed to be a corporate person holding that trademark, or it needed to be your name, or you had to be a public entity representing the geographic place if it was a geographic place names, etc. s you can imagine, people didn't love .es domains then.f you want to have the org, com and net domain, there's an easy fix register the three of them."},{"input":"onvicted paedophiles are often released  as was ario   on the basis of a psychiatric assessment concluding that they no longer represent a danger to society. hese assessments have often been flawed and the released offenders frequently disappear from view.ctually, as far as  know there is only a  reconviction rate, which is rather good.","output":"t's absurd that people having committed these types of crimes are ever released. wonder... was the psychiatrist who recommended ario 's release held responsible in any way for his actions against tephanie?"},{"input":"onvicted paedophiles are often released  as was ario   on the basis of a psychiatric assessment concluding that they no longer represent a danger to society. hese assessments have often been flawed and the released offenders frequently disappear from view.ctually, as far as  know there is only a  reconviction rate, which is rather good.","output":". percent reconviction rate is way too high, in my opinion.  hat is another innocent young life they get to ruin.  omeone else daughter or son they get to hurt.  hy do we try to correct these people?  hat foolishness drives us to think they can be 'saved'?"},{"input":"what do you mean ommunism and acism go hand in hand?  hat makes no sense.  as there a ommunist regime near ome when it became an mpire?","output":" believe they were trying to make the point, communisms or facisms, they are different extremes that lead to the same ends.  otal control of the populations by an elite few."},{"input":" liked this, although the voice over is a bit over the top.","output":"eah... over the top.  he guy starts yelling less than halfway into the list.  id he foam at the mouth?"},{"input":" hate to break it to you pica, but capitalism isn't the answer for everything. orporations held all power in the era of ocial arwinism, but that changed with the rise of monopoly busting and rganized abor. he cycle has swung back the other way, but if almart and other companies continue to treat their employees as chattel, it will surely cycle again.","output":"on't moan, just shop somewhere else!"},{"input":"rashes ozilla ...","output":"works fine with pera, so probably no intentional exploit"},{"input":"his is not like rape or murder or some other kind of crime possibly fuelled by immediate desperate circumstances. e held her captive for a period of  days! ven if it was my own brother, 'd still say to leave him locked up for the safety of my sisters.eck, maybe a person can be completely redeemed. s a religious person, 'd like to believe that. ut then, what's the purpose of prison? s it punishment, or is it rehab?","output":"n the nited tates,  think people want you to believe that the purpose of prison is rehab, otherwise they wouldn't release people."},{"input":"rashes ozilla ...","output":"eems also to crash ozilla ..., at varying points along the playback."},{"input":"on't moan, just shop somewhere else!","output":" do avoid shopping at alart because of their policies. ut  also don't want any of the tax  pay being used to makeup for the lack of health care alart provides.  wonder if alart would be able to survive if there was no edicaid? ouldn't absenteeism get to a level that would hurt their efficiencies and increase costs?"},{"input":"jeez mjd, you need a hobby.","output":"eah, 've been thinking of taking up trolling, but they tell me 'd have to have my brain removed first."},{"input":"hat a great reply.   think that many people are willing to accept a state of slavery because of a lack of faith in themselves, rather than their neighbours.  ou have to have something that you want to do with your freedom, but when you do, you'll not give it up for anything in the world.","output":"hank you, you're very kind!   agree that a lack of selfconfidence is a contributing factor to the average person's desire to accept a state of slavery.n the past, whenever  have discussed personal freedom with people, the objection  hear more than any other goes something like this his is all good for you and me but what about that guy?  e can't handle freedom like we can!.s a result,  concluded a lack of faith in their neighbor is the main cause in the acceptance of a state of slavery.owever, the more  think about it, the more  think you may be onto something.  'm definitely going to have to ponder on it for a while.n the meantime, 'll observe that the social safety net enables us to ignore our neighbor and for him to ignore us.  his is very useful to politicians who want to divide and conquer.  t's nefarious the politicians take our money, to create a safety net, which enables us to ignore our neighbors, which divides us and makes us easier for those same politicians to manipulate.n effect, we're lambs being led to slaughter  we're paying for the knife and butcher.  orse yet, many of us have been convinced we got the better end of the deal!"},{"input":" hate to break it to you pica, but capitalism isn't the answer for everything. orporations held all power in the era of ocial arwinism, but that changed with the rise of monopoly busting and rganized abor. he cycle has swung back the other way, but if almart and other companies continue to treat their employees as chattel, it will surely cycle again.","output":"'m not so sure that we are anywhere close to a resurgence of the labor movement.  ertainly, right now unions and unionized businesses are doing exceptionally poorly in the .  n a larger scale, it seems that countries that are more unionized have recently tended to do poorly in comparison to the less unionized ones.  t is possible that unions were a transient, something that was necessary because there was still so much friction in the economic system, and that they are no longer needed.  urther, alart is not treating people as chattels.   chattel is a slave or a bit of personal property.  s far as  know, associates are free to quit whenever they want.  hey don't get paid much, but what they do is not that hard, and does not require much in the way of qualifications, so it is not surprising that it is poorly compensated."},{"input":" voted it down because it's soundbite history  so brief and general it's either either tautological or wrong.","output":"e can't respond to soundbite economics with soundbite history. hat's harsh "},{"input":"ot a particularly fast time over  miles, though the terrain must be a factor. o evaluate this victory, one would need to know about the horses entered, and also the course throw in a ladder and even my poor old self could beat a few horses.","output":" think the fact that no one else has ever done it in the  year history of the race is enough to call it significant.  hough yeah, it would be nice to know more details."},{"input":"conviction implies they already were convicted once before for that crime.  . rate is a good goal for that  think.","output":"hat's a pretty frightening goal for a lot of reasons, but mostly because the 'quick fix' would be to lock all these people away forever. he high emotional index leads to disastrous kneejerk reactions.or example, the manditory drug sentences that haunted the  for  years, putting minor folk away for decades while the volume dealers went free. ot to mention that an unknown but signifigant  of people are wrongly convicted.hose last few percent are what cost the most. here's not a simple answer."},{"input":"e can't respond to soundbite economics with soundbite history. hat's harsh ","output":"es. f you're disagreeing with soundbite econ, you're held to a higher standard. hich  think is good  you should, given that you have the opportunity to take the extra moment and write a little more, point to sources where people can look.ure, it's a filter if we're talking about a  minute debate segment like on ardball or whatever, where you don't have time to bring out context. ut here you can at least link to something cogent."},{"input":"o push the point more politely, why not walk past the queue, receipt in hand?his makes it clear that being asked to queue to have your stuff checked is unnacceptable  if the staff run after you then everybody else gets to walk through unhindered.","output":"eh. t would work. t would still sort of be acknowledging a system built on distrusting both employees and customers, suggesting theft as a fact of life, and trust as not something you can generally expect. t makes managerial sense but sense a skewed message."},{"input":"y heart goes out to the poor guy.  s there anyway to find out what happened afterward?  id he survive?","output":" heard he survived, but that he's now in a wheelchair."},{"input":"addam had money enough for health, but chose to invest in arms and keep the population hostage. ll the more reason to topple him. nce the postwar stats start coming in, you'll see improvement.","output":"any lifesaving drugs were banned as dualuse."},{"input":"his is a composite, as the world is never dark all at the same time.","output":"really? what about at night?"},{"input":"neither here nor there  this site says nothing","output":"ou seem to have decided to emulate it.  eel free to elaborate."},{"input":"no no no no no no! o tags! lease! nstead of tags, make a better recommendation system!","output":"eah tags waste valuable time, and you'll get tag spam."},{"input":"his is a composite, as the world is never dark all at the same time.","output":"really? what about when its really like cloudy?idn't think about that now did yer?a! shows what you know."},{"input":"odded down bcs of stupidly long subject line...","output":"yeah reddit ought to put a limit on that if i was testing the system i'd make sure somebody couldn't specify  or worse yet  of text as the subject"},{"input":"on't allow titles to be edited, else people will abuse it by submitting articles with tame titles, then if they get popular change the to alarming or spammy titles.","output":"ust make the karma go back to zero after an edit, and the problem goes away. t'll only be good for h s,  misspelled that! quick edits that way."},{"input":"eh you can do this already in the comment section. eople can just submit similar links there.","output":"ou can't use the similar links to train your filter if they are posted in the comments."},{"input":"kde","output":"i didn't know there were that much kdes?"},{"input":"his is a composite, as the world is never dark all at the same time.","output":"nlike other satelite photos where they take pictures of the entire surface of the arth at once............. !?"},{"input":" lot of dupes could be eliminated without looking at the text at all  just computing edit distance on the  and title is enough in many cases. igg seems to do something like this.","output":"t would be useful even if it just suggested this story might already have been submitted without having to be  sure on the equality of the s.  think a lot of times submitting the same story twice is accidental. o if when you submitted a , if reddit thought it was a dup, it could show the form again with a message saying e think it's a dup to this other story"},{"input":"ion","output":"'ll have to second ion. t that takes the idea of tabbed browsing to the level of the window manager. o more having to waste your time manually dragging around and resizing windows."},{"input":"'ll have to second ion. t that takes the idea of tabbed browsing to the level of the window manager. o more having to waste your time manually dragging around and resizing windows.","output":"how do you then drag and drop between windows?"},{"input":"um, why? what?","output":"o we can raise awareness that this guy is an idiot?ever mind. pparently eddit people don't get that sort of subtlety  point taken."},{"input":"etter than a simple plurality.  lurality voting is very heavily biased toward a twoparty system, whereas approval voting at least gives third parties a chance.an you tell 'm a disgruntled libertarian?","output":" agree, and  think the downvote option would be even more favorable to smaller parties.  think it would also help keep any party from getting too big."},{"input":"n the other hand, people seem to be modding down comments nominating wm's they don't like.  sense much hatred for nome and fvwm around here.","output":"kind of silly thing to do. modding down doesn't affect karma, but  generally delete my posts that go below  because it gives me the impression that people get upset when they read them."},{"input":"ratpoison","output":"sn't ratpoision a dead project?  i.e.  idn't one of the developers decide that rewriting it in a lisp dialect was a better idea?"},{"input":"really? what about at night?","output":"t's funny, people. augh."},{"input":"he kid is eight years old, it's way too late to start cutting off bits his mother doesn't like now. his should have been done approximately  years ago.","output":"others should not have the right to cut off the parts of their children that they don't like."},{"input":"he most interesting item in the article is that they turned down a multimilliondollar buyout offer from oogle. ow.","output":"hat's an exaggeration we notified the reporter."},{"input":"sn't ratpoision a dead project?  i.e.  idn't one of the developers decide that rewriting it in a lisp dialect was a better idea?","output":"atpoison was a great idea because its interface closely matched that of screen"},{"input":" don't see why we need subreddits too!  f the 'recommended' feature worked well nobody would ask for subreddits,  guess.","output":" disagree. ometimes i want to read about the lympics. ometimes, politics. ometimes technology. t's nice to be able to specify that."},{"input":" like that better than a simple plurality, but 'd like something that is more unfavorable to a twoparty system.","output":"ctually  think getting rid of parties completely wouldn't be the worst idea. t would eliminate the worst part of current voting systems, the fact that you have to buy an allinone package of opinions from a very small sample size. am also not that sure regional voting is such a great idea. fter all most really interesting issues are not regional."},{"input":"ust make the karma go back to zero after an edit, and the problem goes away. t'll only be good for h s,  misspelled that! quick edits that way.","output":"s mklink said, you can delete a link and then resubmit with the correct title."},{"input":"unny, it seems to do this for me.","output":" noticed this now, it seems to be fixed.  ooks like the little alien is listening!"},{"input":"ratpoison","output":"ratpoison after years of windowmaker. still go back to windowmaker for less usable apps."},{"input":"i've read the book, this looks absolutely amazing in every way.","output":"t looks like this may be the first ever faithful movie version of a  book. ool."},{"input":"ratpoison","output":"atpoison with a nice white border.  defpadding sets the border  had to have gdm make the background white."},{"input":"oo complicated for such a simple process.  earthboundkid's idea or a simple time limit is the simplest, easiest practical solution.","output":" guess you could allow it until someone had either voted or followed your link. ind of like how in pinball you get another ball if you immediately sink."},{"input":"alling  a racistic news paper is, well, at best uninformed. is a serious news paper. n fact of the danish news papers it is the one with the highest sales numbers on a daily basis. ","output":"n your opinion what mayor news paper in denmark is the most racist then? aybe you dont feel that the danish olkpartiet is racist either?"},{"input":"ctually  think getting rid of parties completely wouldn't be the worst idea. t would eliminate the worst part of current voting systems, the fact that you have to buy an allinone package of opinions from a very small sample size. am also not that sure regional voting is such a great idea. fter all most really interesting issues are not regional.","output":"'m inclined to agree about parties.  see their effect as harmful overall. t's not so much that  think they shouldn't exist, but  think they shouldn't have official recognition."},{"input":"ut if a believer demands that , as a nonbeliever, observe his taboos in the public domain, he is not asking for my respect, but for my submission.hat seems to sum things up nicely.","output":" was just about to quote that exact sentence when  saw your  comment! e could not have put this more eloquenty. 'm just hoping nobody tries to pull a heo van ogh on him.n the words of the omaliborn utch politician yaan irsi li, the integration of uslims into uropean societies has been sped up by  years due to the cartoons perhaps we do not need to fight the battle for the nlightenment all over again in urope."},{"input":"ion","output":"ion.  really do encourage everyone to check it out.nly usage my mouse gets these days is while browsing "},{"input":"'d like to see subreddits as mutually exclusive categories, like sections of a newpaper. f we want hundreds of outofcontrol tags, we can go back to elicious.","output":"ndeed. hese are not tags. ubreddits are for groups of people."},{"input":"nome","output":"hat are people modding down for?"},{"input":"hat's so badly laid out. aven't they heard of paragraph spacing? o one is going to read that unless they're really desperate.","output":"stupido"},{"input":"n the other hand, it might also introduce a government so balanced in opinion that it deadlocks on every single issue and accomplishes nothing.ither that, or the classic minority government problem where so many favours are bought and sold that spending spirals out of control.","output":" tendency toward deadlock is a feature, not a bug a government that tends not to act in response to controversial issues rather than do something rash is usually better in the long run."},{"input":" agree that condorcet and approval voting both seem better than nstant unoff, which is in turn better than majority rules. owever, for some reason political activist groups have gotten behind  and not the others. s it only because it's easier to understand?","output":"ell, realistically there may be a higher chance of getting  introduced since it's been so heaviliy scrutinized by ustralia and used there at the national level. hy the ustralians would think  better than pproval or ondorcet,  don't know."},{"input":"rom the articlegt he page brief filed by the ountain iew search giant angrily dissected the government's claim that the search results would produce useful evidence regarding child pornography.nd in the very next paragraphgt he law is designed to keep children from sexually explicit material on the nternet.igh...","output":"hat's indeed a very annoying misreporting, but apart from that, the article is quite interesting and sheds some light on some of the aspects of the stance that google is taking on this.ere's hoping the court agrees with them."},{"input":"t seems that the patent offices accept to register ideas fot things that doesn't even exist. omorrow i will register a patent for a time travel machine.","output":" patent on a time travel machine would be pretty useless. nybody who makes a time travel machine could just use it to go back in time  before you made the patent  and patent the machine themselves."},{"input":"ndeed. hese are not tags. ubreddits are for groups of people.","output":"he group of people that is only interested in the olympics or only interested in politics?   doubt that these groups really exist.   like reddit exactly because it makes me stumble across stuff  would never have looked for.  xactly because it serves my manifold interests."},{"input":"ops.  ooks like we broke it.","output":"we need a good term for it. edditdot just doesn't sound right, and no one would get reddited."},{"input":"t seems that the patent offices accept to register ideas fot things that doesn't even exist. omorrow i will register a patent for a time travel machine.","output":"here already are patents on time travel."},{"input":"sn't that what the ome button is for?","output":"hat does oogle uggest have to do with anything?"},{"input":"ah, a widespread dispersal of bird products in a large crowd filled with tourists who arrived from random places from all over the world and are going back to those places. just what we need in the time of the bird flu.","output":"ood grief.just what we need in the time of the bird flu.  ell,  certainly can agree with that.  o you really think that people are going to catch bird flu from pillow feathers?  s that what  ews told you?"},{"input":"hy would you count abstaining as all are acceptable instead of the more logical none are acceptable?","output":"because none are acceptable would be more logically represented by a blank ballot. which i predict would suddenly become very common indeed if acceptance voting was instituted in the ..."},{"input":" call prior art he ead f rofessor oyle. ritten in .","output":"nd, not quite so far back  hat ideous trength by .. ewis contained a head kept alive by medical technology."},{"input":"mazing.  t's all about making a truckload of money, at the expense of simple common sense.  nstead of lowering the price of their , they offer crippled versions for the lower price bracket.  evious...","output":"t's not devious, it's called market segmentation, and it makes perfect sense with information goods. hy should everyone pay the same share of the development cost of a product if they get different monetary levels of utility from it? nfortunately, because people are resistent to the idea of paying different amounts for the same product, and because resale tends to undercut such strategies, you have to offer versions with varying features rather than the same version at different prices. confusing bunch of options, though,  must say."},{"input":"ust a nitpick  looks like that park is actually in hina.  he rides look very much like those installed in old parks there, and all the ads for the site are in hinese...","output":"ot really, those are apanese. rust me, 'm hinese. "},{"input":"unny, but not safe for my workplace. esubmit to nsfw.reddit.com and 'll vote it up.","output":"being at work, i was afraid to even bother opening.  thanks for the confirmation"},{"input":"xactly. he problem with the op page is it's increasingly difficult for new links to make it to the front page. he links that are already there still gain votes and the other top voted pages lie somewhere  pages back. inks on the ot page are lucky to stay visible for  days. hat leaves a huge gap of visibility between the ot page and the op page for links that are highly voted but don't have the  points needed to beat out aul rahm.","output":"hy don't you just use the ide button?  took two minutes, hid all the op stories i had either already read or didn't want to, and now everything is awesome."},{"input":"eminds me of he rain hat ouldn't ie movie that  did.","output":"here was also a movie called hey aved itler's rain.  er uerher's head was shown in a bell jar hooked up to a machine, and plotting the rise of the ourth eich from a base in outh merica."},{"input":"that would not work for some subreddits, such as nsfw","output":"or for the language specific ones.  till, it's not a bad idea...."},{"input":" applications at a time? . hy would anyone buy that?","output":"o one wants to buy that. his edition is there merely to provide an argument against second and third world countries pirating indows.  doubt icrosoft expects to sell a single copy of this edition it's here mainly to help icrosoft talk to these countries."},{"input":"here's a world between a spyplane or an  wave interception program and the technology described in this article. ot necessarily getting the components to work, but the systems concept itself... and then actually finding things in the data. he author must be properly paranoid.","output":"he author has a good point about the lag between security services using spying technology and the pubic knowing about the tech. o based on what we know now about spy tech, advance it ,  or  years, where does that put us?hat is the difference between paranoia and perceptiveness in ?"},{"input":" don't get it. ow can you find the metadata?","output":"ave a look at the image properties using pretty much any image viewer or browser.f you have opera, you can simply rightclick the image and select 'mage properties'. irefox doesn't seem to show the info."},{"input":" agree. he current recommended list does not really work  for me.ust now,  had on place . a link wich was  day old, had  points, and really wasn't anything  was interested in. he second has again  points...f they would work nicely it would definitely have a huge value. ut no offence, can a small group of people at reddit come up with something like this? robably the best computer scientist at google and yahoo work on such problems for a while...","output":"o be fair,  think this is a ard roblem. eople's likes and dislikes are really not homogeneous."},{"input":"hey said let itler govern too.","output":"why is this being modded down? are there terrorist sympathizers on this site? a significant fraction of the hamas legislators are currently in jail."},{"input":"why is this being modded down? are there terrorist sympathizers on this site? a significant fraction of the hamas legislators are currently in jail.","output":"o was elson andela. re you saying elson andela is comparable to itler?"},{"input":"ood news everyone the lazy way to get rich is to kite checks!","output":"o, the way is to manage your cash more tightly."},{"input":"very nice, but why waste time with  aint!","output":"ecause it's there?!!! wonder what difference the laser mouse made?"},{"input":"nsufficiently justified what about large projects?","output":"eah,  think he only means as an individual."},{"input":", let us note, puts them at almost exactly  of the way to what they'd need to impeach. t this point there is a epublican majority in the ouse that could change by anuary, but probably not to the extent that a majority would be willing to impeach the president. ven if it were, epublicans have a majority in the enate as well. he odds that they would fall below the  needed to prevent conviction after impeachment are derisory.s it true? ure. oes it make a difference? robably not.","output":"o the odds of impeachment are pathetically futile.  e can hope, and we can pray."},{"input":"he title is fine except for the spelling of 'eerie'  ice picture though.","output":" knew something didn't look right when  was typing that!"},{"input":"very n minutes, you could dump a snapshot of the first, say, ten pages of ot, ew, and op to static  files. his way, when the database crashes, we can at least have some functionality.  get the shakes when there's no reddit!  little functionality is better than none.","output":"t's actually not that hard to get the database stuff right, then we wouldn't have any more  crashes."},{"input":" hadn't thought of that angle. hat might actually be another use for it.","output":"eah, it's a start, but 'd still rather just not pay for a icrosoft operating system on a new machine purchase at all, instead of just paying a buck or two for a license to run a strippeddown crippled version that 'll end up overwriting with a inux partition anyway."},{"input":"very nice, but why waste time with  aint!","output":"eah,  got this feeling he did it entirely for the purpose of getting his  minutes of internet fame. riehard.ut of course, it still is a most impressive piece of work. oved the  scene "},{"input":"gt ou are not supporting free speech when you say that the man has no right to say something hateful and false, because for all you know he might have unearthed some evidence that the holocaust didnt happen. ow as extremely unlikely as that may be, he should still be allowed to express himself, and we should all be allowed to express ourselves back.irstly, the fact that the holocaust happened is indisputable. ut if you want to discuss the wider principle of free speech, you need to consider that rving was not convicted for saying something that people disagree with, but because he broke a wellknown specific law which carries a sentence of up to  years  there's a fundamental difference there. resumably you don't think that the ustrians should let people get away with breaking their laws?","output":"t's not that  disagree with ustria upholding it's laws, its that  disagree with them making laws to curtail free speech, even if it is to silence such odious ideas as holocaust denial."},{"input":"eems the best way to get on immy's good side is to kill enough of your own people to instill fear in any potential dissenters then hold an election where you invite him to watch. as this man ever met a murderer he didn't like?hen he suggests this shouldn't hurt the peace process and alestine shouldn't be punished for who they select as a leader. fter all  was anyone really thinking that they would live up to  of their side of the peace agreements?t least this time around alestine will have a govt that doesn't talk peace but do murder. hese guys are letting us know up front they wanna kill as many ews as they possibly can. ice to know where they stand for a change.","output":"erhaps you should read the article. arter points out that although winning a parliamentary majority, amas actually lack an effective majority due to some of their representatives being in prison, and details other constitutional arrangements that would limit their effective power. his is mainly due to the position of president bbas, who has said that he will not appoint a prime minister that does not accept the legitimacy of srael and the roadmap. don't think arter was pleased with amas' success. ather, he's accepting the situation as having occured and suggesting what appears to be a very intelligent approach to dealing with it. he alternative is to stick your head in the sand, bury the peace process, and have an automatic escalation in violence."},{"input":"omains are not brands. ure, some are, but most are not, nor should they be. ying them to brands is evil. hey used to be tied to brands under the .es tld, in order to get a domain you needed to be a corporate person holding that trademark, or it needed to be your name, or you had to be a public entity representing the geographic place if it was a geographic place names, etc. s you can imagine, people didn't love .es domains then.f you want to have the org, com and net domain, there's an easy fix register the three of them.","output":" don't think you should have to own a trademark to get a domain. 'm saying that if someone already owns the trademark, registrars shouldn't sell the domain to someone else. n fact, the law for .coms is already that you can have arbitration to get  a domain from someone else if you already had the trademark, and they're in violation of it. owever, it'd be nice if registrars would do the due diligence of checking that upfront.  mean, what exactly are we paying them for?"},{"input":"'ve always wondered why hardware manufacturers don't fund game development to drive hardware sales.ike for example, nvidia could infuse a few million into smaller pc game companies to generate very legitimate reasons for consumers to buy their cards.  nd of course you can't pirate hardware.","output":"ust guess what the hardware companies do to get the runs best with nvidia and similar logos to appear on the games..."},{"input":"oes teve avlina have children?","output":"vidently, yes. iraculous, then."},{"input":"t was kind of them to provide translations. erhaps untranslatable wasn't the word they were looking for?","output":"re they providing translations or definitions?"},{"input":"you're missing the point. t's dumb to say anything is indisputable. s a counterexample to your claim that the holocaust is indisputable in  avid rving disputed it. n my belief he was factually incorrect in disputing it, as there is an overwhelming amount of evidence that supports a belief in the holocaust. ut he still disputed it.","output":"ell obviously you can do anything that isn't prohibited by the laws of physics or an empty wallet etc. ne meaning of the word indisputable is 'beyond doubt' and  would say this applies to the holocaust given the evidence we have. t would certainly meet a historian's burden of proof. f you say that it's dumb to say anything is indisputable, you are also saying that it's intelligent to question everything with no differentiation."},{"input":"please continue to be dumbasses. if you're in college and can't be bothered to stop believing in bullshit, you're pretty stupid and deserve what you get which is laughed at.plus it makes it easier for schools to throw you out and admit some smart kids from poor families.","output":" think the scary thing is that in the notsofarfetched future universities will get sued successfully for kicking those students out."},{"input":"link jacks link jacks roly poly ","output":"'m glad you all don't like my comment its a friggin sad day on reddit when a linkjacked article is the hottest"},{"input":"r you can think of an economy or an ecological system as an algorithm in action....if you're a complete moron.","output":"what's the relationship between morons and thinking in terms of algorithms?"},{"input":"please continue to be dumbasses. if you're in college and can't be bothered to stop believing in bullshit, you're pretty stupid and deserve what you get which is laughed at.plus it makes it easier for schools to throw you out and admit some smart kids from poor families.","output":"he problem is that everyone who questions certain aspects of evo theory gets lumped together with reationists and 'ers.  here are some questioning from a more scientific basis.  uestions need to be asked in order to hone the theory, to continue to improve it.  f we start taking a dogmatic stance on evolution then we're as bad as the reationists and 'ers, aren't we?"},{"input":"e is right. e just sees  another way as most people do.  has as much to do with computers as astronomy has with telescopes. he  in  is just not that accurate. n germany it is called nformatik and comes from nformation and utomatik. o computer here.e never talks about outsourcing, because programmers are outsourced, but not computer scientists.ould be that in  with  you get more of a software engineer than a computation scientist?","output":"es.  y university offers a plethora of different computingrelated degrees with various levels of emphasis on theory.  'm in what's supposedly the most theoryoriented of them but  still feel like  spend too much of my time learning how to maintain other peoples' ava programs.  or just that reason 'm now doubling in athematics."},{"input":"really good and concise advice","output":"then you'll see that one of them has the bitter fit am not buying a coat anymore. t is too bitter."},{"input":"heir proposed letter to congress at the end leaves out a very compelling argument  f you allow erisign, an merican company, to control .com, then there will be a huge backlash from the international community, most likely resulting in a new  infrastructure that doesn't involve erisign, and possibly the  at all.","output":"hat sounds like a good response, but it's not, it would essentially fragment , causing more problems for uropeans than it would solve.  hat are they going to do when two different companies register the same domain name?  r when half the world only sees one set of root servers which doesn't contain your name?  .com can't be controlled by two different people."},{"input":"the idea that what you work on is a fundamental truth and what everyone else does is a conceited useless idea that nearly everyone has. realizing that what everyone does is one step towards awesomeness. realizing that there is no truth is the next step. go read richard rorty, and find out.","output":"man a lot of people don't like thinking they aren't working on fundamental truths"},{"input":"man a lot of people don't like thinking they aren't working on fundamental truths","output":"r maybe we just don't like reading incoherent babble."},{"input":"olitics naturally tends to be international, so  don't mind seeing  politics in particular, however  do get bored of constantly seeing politics in general, so i vote 'aye'.","output":"gt olitics naturally tends to be internationalctually, it naturally tends to be  and anglocentric.  ot particularly international, unless you are a monoglot."},{"input":" must say,  never thought 'd be so fascinated by an article on detergents.","output":"t is kind of weird how  was actually drawn to read the whole article... industrial strength cleaners and all."},{"input":"nd how do we know there was no photoshop involved?","output":"ecause that would defeat the purpose.  f you take some time to closely examine the pictures, it isn't too difficult to figure out how it is done and where the connections are.  owever, actually making it is another matter."},{"input":"es.  y university offers a plethora of different computingrelated degrees with various levels of emphasis on theory.  'm in what's supposedly the most theoryoriented of them but  still feel like  spend too much of my time learning how to maintain other peoples' ava programs.  or just that reason 'm now doubling in athematics.","output":"lease don't be shy about naming your university. "},{"input":"elicxa edditado.","output":"mi dirus felie redditu. stas pli aktiva kaj direkta."},{"input":"lease don't be shy about naming your university. ","output":"lorida."},{"input":"ust because you can't see a similarity doesn't mean there isn't one. he interesting characteristic of algorithms in this case is not that they may or may not terminate, but that they are a powerful way of describing processes. he interesting hypothesis is that you can describe or simulate an economy with an algorithm better than you can describe it with anything else. t's interesting because that would be useful, and it might be true. lgorithms are a much more flexible and powerful way of doing it than mathematical equations, which was the best thing going until modern computers.f you didn't get that, you pretty much missed the entire point of the paper.","output":"lgorithms are a much more flexible and powerful way of doing it than mathematical equations.ot true. ith the lambda calculus you can express any algorithm executable by a uring machine in the form of a single expression."},{"input":"e is right. e just sees  another way as most people do.  has as much to do with computers as astronomy has with telescopes. he  in  is just not that accurate. n germany it is called nformatik and comes from nformation and utomatik. o computer here.e never talks about outsourcing, because programmers are outsourced, but not computer scientists.ould be that in  with  you get more of a software engineer than a computation scientist?","output":"he utch call this field of study nformatics too. ven though  think it comes closer,  still think it doesn't reflect the field correctly. t's not just information that's being studied, it's also the transformation of information by a process.aybe omput cience or nformation rocessing cience is a better word.  has a nice ring to it."},{"input":"ou lost me after you segued from software patents to the exploration and colonization of the ew orld.  ess is more.","output":"ou lost me after you segued from software patents to the exploration and colonization of the ew orld. ess is more.'m still learning how best to speak my mind.  was aiming for more of a subconcious effect. ou're right that it won't work if  lose people that stop reading. 'll let it stand as it is. hanks for the feedback."},{"input":"ne thing 've been a bit concerned about with reddit is the creeping in of overtly political articles, usually about  issues, almost alwayus from a emocratic viewpoint.  don't care about  politics, and would like a version of reddit that didn't contain multiple references to conspiracy theories derived from heney shooting people  if such a thing is possible to engineer, all the better.","output":"houldn't this be  olitics then?"},{"input":"vote  for worst pick a date design ever","output":" found it to be 'refreshingly original'. r, looking back, more akin to american localization  month  day  year. hich gets  for 'bad way to spell out a date.' ig endian  , that's sanest. ittleendian, well, at least that's selfconsistent. ut middle first? hat's a big ."},{"input":" remember al belson in the  video lecture said something along the line of omputer science is the formalization of processes, or imperative knowledge, whereas math is the formalization of declarative knowledge...eople tend to confuse the essence of a field with its tools omputer science is as much about computers as geometry is about measuring earth.  eometry started off as measuring earth, but later evolved into generally applicable mathematics, and computer science will follow the same trend","output":"uote omputer science is the formalization of processes, or imperative knowledge, whereas math is the formalization of declarative knowledge...eople tend to confuse the essence of a field with its toolsoes that mean that processes can only be described by imperative programming? hat about functional programming? on't they describe processes declaratively?r is it that a declarative algorithm is more of a black box that will change the information that is input without adjusting the black box at all, so that the way you structure the input is kind of the algorithm.'m asking because  want to start programming in a functional language, rlang. hanks in advance."},{"input":"he very wikipedia article you quote states near the top that he 'is now sometimes described as a neoconservative or a iberal awk, though his idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification.' any people consider itchens a neocon in his latest manifestation.","output":"hat part of though his idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification don't you understand?ow many eoons describe themselves as rotskyites like itchens does?!!"},{"input":"ou lost me after you segued from software patents to the exploration and colonization of the ew orld. ess is more.'m still learning how best to speak my mind.  was aiming for more of a subconcious effect. ou're right that it won't work if  lose people that stop reading. 'll let it stand as it is. hanks for the feedback.","output":"ule of thumb f it is longer than  lines, don't post it as a comment. ost it on your blog or at a similar location."},{"input":"lgorithms are a much more flexible and powerful way of doing it than mathematical equations.ot true. ith the lambda calculus you can express any algorithm executable by a uring machine in the form of a single expression.","output":"nd then there is this other kind of powerful, the one not related in any way to the term turingcomplete."},{"input":"hat you just proposed actually sounds a lot like 's . approach.","output":"...except for the tiny little bit that . is not portable until there are full, bugcompatible implementations for most major platforms which will never be the case."},{"input":" think the scary thing is that in the notsofarfetched future universities will get sued successfully for kicking those students out.","output":"ith any luck, at any rate ..."},{"input":"ne of my favourite eddit features is the ability to go through someone's posting history and rate down everything they've ever written. t's ohsosatisfying. ","output":"ou're right.  just did it to all of yours. t is fun!"},{"input":"ou realize that you're giving your  to a total stranger right?  aybe 'm just paranoid.","output":"es you are."},{"input":" assumed the voice call was automated  that would scale somewhat. nd that you entered the pin via the keypad.","output":"hat would help, but setting it up is far from trivial "},{"input":"hat would help, but setting it up is far from trivial ","output":" wonder if there are any  s that mean you don't need loads of phone lines to send out automated calls?"},{"input":"not my problem if you don't care for my style, or if rorty doesn't. conclude what you want, i didn't say it would change anything, let alone absolutely everything.lots of idiots are attracted to lots of smart people, thinking less of the smart people is a pretty hasty generalization.i gave up arguing persuasively on the internets a long time ago, when i realized most people  already have their opinion formed  won't take the time to follow a persuasive opinion anyway. sorry if you are in the minority and you'd like me to spell everything out for you. but i won't. if you want to understand rorty, you'll just have to read some. if you don't want to, or just want to criticize everything around you, go on ahead. it is after all, what i do most of the time.","output":" persuasive opinion is, by definition, one that persuades people. f you're not persuading others, then you aren't persuasive.  would say that you're right that arguing on the internet usually doesn't result in people changing their opinion. owever, it sometimes does.  read a good piece by ennett on the role of religion in the public square, and  changed my opinion. hen  thought about it some more and changed my opinion back. till,  felt like  learned something.ou made a good point, which  recognized from orty eople tend to think that the things they're into are the absolute coolest things ever, and everyone should love it. is example was his love of bird watching or something like that. 've read an accusation that aul raham is doing that when he says hackers are like painters. nyhow, that point was lost in your original message, because you switched up ideas one after another with no follow up. hen you write, you should give the reader enough rope to let them draw the conclusion that you're pushing on their own. hen give them the conclusion on a silver platter, in case they missed it. iring off five interesting things with no obvious connection between them and a hostile vibe isn't really a good way to get people onto your side. ry to step back and think about what you're arguing, including all the mechanics that you'd prefer to skip over. f you don't explain things to the degree that it feels like too much to you, it probably won't be enough for the reader, since they have their own minds and might not naturally follow an idea down the same path that you do."},{"input":" don't get it. hat's real time? nd why are there watches in the pictures?","output":"f you look closely the watch is showing the real time. ust kidding,  still don't get it too."},{"input":"atpoison was a great idea because its interface closely matched that of screen","output":"ou really should try ion."},{"input":" persuasive opinion is, by definition, one that persuades people. f you're not persuading others, then you aren't persuasive.  would say that you're right that arguing on the internet usually doesn't result in people changing their opinion. owever, it sometimes does.  read a good piece by ennett on the role of religion in the public square, and  changed my opinion. hen  thought about it some more and changed my opinion back. till,  felt like  learned something.ou made a good point, which  recognized from orty eople tend to think that the things they're into are the absolute coolest things ever, and everyone should love it. is example was his love of bird watching or something like that. 've read an accusation that aul raham is doing that when he says hackers are like painters. nyhow, that point was lost in your original message, because you switched up ideas one after another with no follow up. hen you write, you should give the reader enough rope to let them draw the conclusion that you're pushing on their own. hen give them the conclusion on a silver platter, in case they missed it. iring off five interesting things with no obvious connection between them and a hostile vibe isn't really a good way to get people onto your side. ry to step back and think about what you're arguing, including all the mechanics that you'd prefer to skip over. f you don't explain things to the degree that it feels like too much to you, it probably won't be enough for the reader, since they have their own minds and might not naturally follow an idea down the same path that you do.","output":"ello, 'm here for an argument!"},{"input":"man a lot of people don't like thinking they aren't working on fundamental truths","output":" was just piling on.  but  wonder... is awesomeness a destination or just a direction? i see the truth in it!"},{"input":"fries  too much fat.burgers  unhealthy.ice  way too dirty. future trips to fastfood chains  .","output":"i would not be suprised to see similar results in all types of restaurants"},{"input":"nd then there is this other kind of powerful, the one not related in any way to the term turingcomplete.","output":"he sort which is achieved in mathematics through the use of notation conventions."},{"input":"ou lost me after you segued from software patents to the exploration and colonization of the ew orld. ess is more.'m still learning how best to speak my mind.  was aiming for more of a subconcious effect. ou're right that it won't work if  lose people that stop reading. 'll let it stand as it is. hanks for the feedback.","output":" general writing rule that  heard somewhere or am possibly making upf you can cut it in half and it still makes sense, it will probably be better that way. pplies recursively, just make sure to get someone new to read each version and test for effect."},{"input":"his story reminds me of the song red ones art  by en olds.  f you haven't heard it, it's a really poignant story, and  highly recommend it.","output":"lso  most peculiar man by imon and arfunkel"},{"input":"lso  most peculiar man by imon and arfunkel","output":"oh good one!   can't believe  didn't think of that."},{"input":"e want your support for beta testing our webbased peerreview tool.ur webbased peer review tool offers   ile storage and sharing   ultiple revisions of your work   ollaboration with reviewers   ssue tracking and discussions    feeds for update notifications ll beta testers would be provided with a complimentary package that would continue even after the beta testing period ends.f interested just post your reply or send an email to supportreviewoften.com.","output":"he link doesn't work."},{"input":"hat's the demo ?","output":"hat are everyone else's demo s?"},{"input":"his is very, very, very old.","output":"...but very funny."},{"input":"robably, you're on reddit after all ","output":". "},{"input":"s it really supposed to be helpful? eems like it's simply someone's shrug about the whole thing to me.  thought it was interesting, not that it taught me anything new, but it did make me contemplate for a second.","output":"nterestingly  thought this was a worthwhile link not necessarily for the specific entry, but for some of the other entries that  browsed to from it. eat  tips."},{"input":"lgorithms are a much more flexible and powerful way of doing it than mathematical equations.ot true. ith the lambda calculus you can express any algorithm executable by a uring machine in the form of a single expression.","output":"o since all computer science is a branch of mathematics anyway, revise mathematical equations to mathematical equations before computer science."},{"input":"ice to see teenage blogs are of interest.","output":" really want to know what  did to make this number  on my recommended page."},{"input":"idn't we have a diamond story just recently?","output":"yea, and the majority response was, well, we all agree that its absolute b.s. but try and explain it to your significant other around anniversary time and see what happens."},{"input":" wouldn't stop saving money at almart because of their stupid security policies.   just walk by the bag checker.  t is fairly entertaining sometimes  because the occasional bag checker will flip and start yelling.  t ry's they have put up a sign that states they have the right to search your bags.  ullshit.  ust walk on by.  he contents of your bag are your property.  he bag is your property  assuming you just paid for it, of course.","output":" also do this at both of these stores, especially ry's.  hey have  cashiers, but only one receipt guy?   just don't have time for that.hey aren't checking your receipt because they think you stole something, they're checking it because they don't trust their cashiers.   can tell because they're not checking my pockets, only my bags.  ut of respect for another person's dignity, 'll let them glance at my receipt if there's nobody else in line, but if there's even one person ahead of me  just walk on by.ccasionally they get angry and say excuse me, , !! but by then everyone behind me has realized that they, too, don't need to wait in this line and follow suit..."},{"input":" believe it would be unwise to legislate againsts their right for free speech here.  nce the government gets rolling on curbing speech, they will not stop.  he limits will keep increasing.  nd more topics would become taboo.   think the bikers had the right idea, to support the soldiers through their solidarity.  here counter protest is the right way.  hey are educating with their own actions. have a new found respect for bikers now.","output":"if this is about not judging hristians for the actions of some, shouldn't that apply to bikers, too? while i agree with you and respect these bikers, they are not necessarily representative of all bikers."},{"input":"ry getting a  gift card to est uy for your new fiancee. t's quite easy to say, n response to the geopolitical injustices perpetuated by the diamond tyrants, and also my philosophical disagreements with using a naturally occuring carbon substance as a form of love and unity,  got you a gift card worth the same amount as that engagement ring.","output":"hy do you even need an engagement ring? f 'm correct that's one of those modern things that they convinced everyone to buy."},{"input":"he cartoonist is mistaken.  t's true that if you reduce your consumption of something, others will consume a bit more of it.  ut not to the degree that you cut your consumption.  ecause of that, and because the price is now slightly lower, the suppliers are now making slightly less money.       fter all, if the people in developing countries are currently willing to buy more oil than they already are at the current price, why aren't they?","output":"ctually he's right. he point is, that while you can reduce the consumption of oil, you can't decide what oil will no longer be consumed or  what the oilproducers no longer spend money on.f less oil is consumed the oil no longer used will be the oil that is most expensive to pump. nd that just doesn't happen to be oil from audirabia. ow admittedly the audis are pumping at maximum capacity, so if the price goes down they, too, will make slightly less money. ut that doesn't meen they will give less to terrorists but rather to the thing least important to them they are still spending on. hat would more likely be a school for girls then al kaida. o if less money is spent on oil that doesn't mean less money finds it way to the terrorists. t means first less money for the marginal producer and second less money for whatever pleasure the audi royal family considers marginal.o you can use less oil, but not less of the oil the al auds use to fund sama."},{"input":"there is no real value of anything.  it's all about how much people are willing to pay.","output":"od this guy up. undamental to the discussion of markets is the observation that something is worth what people will pay for it. othing else."},{"input":"ave the wife a choice ew ntel based acintosh laptop or a pair of diamond earrings. oth were priced about the same. hich do you think she chose?","output":"asically the only thing that would beat out the earrings would be bigger diamonds, or in my wife's case a perhaps even more ridiculously priced item, a hanel bag."},{"input":"verything is dirtier than toilet water","output":"efore, or after?"},{"input":"ave the wife a choice ew ntel based acintosh laptop or a pair of diamond earrings. oth were priced about the same. hich do you think she chose?","output":"o offense by  for one wouldn't want the kind of wife who would prefer a computer to earings."},{"input":"o offense by  for one wouldn't want the kind of wife who would prefer a computer to earings.","output":" dunno.  like a woman who knows how to preen herself, but a single pair of earrings the cost of a new acbook ro?here's a line where extravagant becomes absurd. 'm not sure 'd want a woman with tastes that expensive. ot for a wife, anyways."},{"input":"od this guy up. undamental to the discussion of markets is the observation that something is worth what people will pay for it. othing else.","output":"ctually fundamental to the discussion is an understanding of the nature of the diamond market. t is a monopoly with a single organization throttling the supply of diamonds in the world. he reason that diamonds deviate hugely from their real value is because there are no competitors to eeers.ut otherwise, in most other areas where there is healthy competition, the prices of items are close to their real values."},{"input":"oes it matter that those entries are modded down?  though that page just served as a convenient listing of all the available reddits... who cares what they score?","output":"hat's why it should be separate.  t's not convenient to have that page cluttered with subreddits that most people can't read."},{"input":" wouldn't stop saving money at almart because of their stupid security policies.   just walk by the bag checker.  t is fairly entertaining sometimes  because the occasional bag checker will flip and start yelling.  t ry's they have put up a sign that states they have the right to search your bags.  ullshit.  ust walk on by.  he contents of your bag are your property.  he bag is your property  assuming you just paid for it, of course.","output":"ell, that wasn't the only reason  stopped shopping at alart, but  agree with your post. he next time  get challenged, 'll try that.  read about a guy at est uy who was assaulted for not stopping to be searched and interrogated. 've wondered about suing alart for assault and criminal confinemet if they get crazy... eah, 'm not going back there. arget, sco,  is more peaceful..."},{"input":"ave the wife a choice ew ntel based acintosh laptop or a pair of diamond earrings. oth were priced about the same. hich do you think she chose?","output":"udging from the fact that you're a redditer,  assumed the answer was that she chose a acook ro, but  now realize that's not what you meant.   hope  end up with a guy who knows 'd rather have a sweet new computer or an amazing trip than jewelry."},{"input":"nd to this end they built themselves a stupendous super computer which was so amazingly intelligent that even before its data banks had been connected up it had started from  think therefore  am and got as far as deducing the existence of rice pudding and income tax before anyone managed to turn it off.","output":"ooray for itchhiker's uide references!  ouglas dams was such a genius."},{"input":"rom the link that you postedn neoclassical economics, the value of an object or service is often seen as nothing but the price it would bring in an open and competitive market. his is determined primarily by the demand for the object relative to supply.hat is the notion of value that  subscribe to as well. hanks for the link!","output":"o we are in agreement then? iamonds have no real value other than what people will pay for them."},{"input":"o we are in agreement then? iamonds have no real value other than what people will pay for them.","output":" am neither in agreement nor disagreement.  y point was just that if the market were competitive then the price of diamonds would be closer to the value as per the definition that  quoted., your definition of value, i.e., what people will pay for them, is more appropriate in the field of something like say the art industry. ot all rare paintings are expensive. ut only those painters that people take a fancy to are  expensive. ut even in such a situation, if an ogh were able to paint a million paintings in his lifetime, the price  for such paintings would be drastically lower than if they were rarer to obtain."},{"input":"'m confused. an someone post a shorter, better description of what happened?","output":"yea, wtf is the story??"},{"input":"in aden is necessary for the oodvil theory of the neocon, inspired by eo trauss.","output":"orrect. in aden is our mmanuel oldstein."},{"input":"o offense by  for one wouldn't want the kind of wife who would prefer a computer to earings.","output":"eesh."},{"input":"as that a tribute, or was it a judgement? t is the height of arrogance for someone to presume they can judge someone else's entire life.","output":"h, it was neither. he dude is saying he didn't understand."},{"input":"hile 'm glad to see this  too many abortions are done purely out of convenience, 'm pretty baffled with there not being an exception for rape victims.s there an exception for cases where its either the mother or the child that dies?nyway, people are free to have their own opinions, but when people are having abortions simply because they don't want the child or they don't have the money, there is no excuse. ou really should've thought of that before you decided to start practicing a human action which has the sideeffect of producing human beings.his day and age, there's plenty of people on adoption waiting lists that would gladly take your baby. here just is no excuse for killing a child purely out of convenience.till, there does need to be some type of exception for both rape victims and in cases where the mother can die. n that case  don't think you can really give a black and white answer, and it comes down to the situation at hand.","output":"f you oppose abortion, it's presumably because you are of the opinion that abortion is murder. f its murder, how can you possibly justify killing a human being just because his or her father committed a criminal act?hat if that child were brought to term, was born, and developed into an adult. ould it be okay to kill him at  years of age? f not, how can you advocate killing him in utero and still unhypocritically claim that a fetus is a human being?"},{"input":"f you oppose abortion, it's presumably because you are of the opinion that abortion is murder. f its murder, how can you possibly justify killing a human being just because his or her father committed a criminal act?hat if that child were brought to term, was born, and developed into an adult. ould it be okay to kill him at  years of age? f not, how can you advocate killing him in utero and still unhypocritically claim that a fetus is a human being?","output":"uch esusphreak. s much as  like to antagonize and disagree with you, you usually follow your own logic well. e caught you slipping before  could get there.nless, of course, the fetus that will eventually become a human being, is in possession of a life less valueable than that of other lives because it has one parent who committed a horrible crime. ould esus love him less?"},{"input":"gt hey can't connect the rest of the dots because they don't see a problem with the govenment restricting women's control over their bodies in general.t's not the control of women's bodies we want, it's the control over the unborn child that we care about. n other words we don't think it's right that a women should be allowed to kill her unborn child. ust like it's not right to kill a baby once it's born.","output":"ow. inally  understand."},{"input":"'m confused. an someone post a shorter, better description of what happened?","output":"hey got an answer without actually running the algorithm, what's confusing about that.... oh, wait..."},{"input":"'m confused. an someone post a shorter, better description of what happened?","output":"hey got an answer without actually running the algorithm, what's confusing about that.... oh, wait..."},{"input":"o wonder so many stupid patents get filed. ry reading that patent without falling asleep.","output":"ry reading  patent without tears marring your vision. or starters nited tates atent tbstract  method for inducing cats to exercise consists of directing a beam of invisible light produced by a handheld laser apparatus onto the floor or wall or other opaque surface in the vicinity of the cat, then moving the laser so as to cause the bright pattern of light to move in an irregular way fascinating to cats, and to any other animal with a chase instinct."},{"input":"his story reminds me of the song red ones art  by en olds.  f you haven't heard it, it's a really poignant story, and  highly recommend it.","output":"hankyou, what a wonderful song."},{"input":"hat part of though his idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification don't you understand?ow many eoons describe themselves as rotskyites like itchens does?!!","output":"itchens has repudiated his rotskyism. eople change their minds in the course of a life, you know, although itchens has just swung from one extreme to another."},{"input":"nless part of the reason that hybrids cost more is that it requires more oil to build them.","output":"hether or not that's true, it's irrelvant to the current discussion  the cartoon makes no such suggestion."},{"input":"ctually he's right. he point is, that while you can reduce the consumption of oil, you can't decide what oil will no longer be consumed or  what the oilproducers no longer spend money on.f less oil is consumed the oil no longer used will be the oil that is most expensive to pump. nd that just doesn't happen to be oil from audirabia. ow admittedly the audis are pumping at maximum capacity, so if the price goes down they, too, will make slightly less money. ut that doesn't meen they will give less to terrorists but rather to the thing least important to them they are still spending on. hat would more likely be a school for girls then al kaida. o if less money is spent on oil that doesn't mean less money finds it way to the terrorists. t means first less money for the marginal producer and second less money for whatever pleasure the audi royal family considers marginal.o you can use less oil, but not less of the oil the al auds use to fund sama.","output":"ut cutting spending on oil will still adversely affect the saudis, even if they get to keep supplying oil themselves.  reduce in demand for oil will still cause a drop in oil prices."},{"input":" quite like it. nly wish  could publish to another server via . id  just overlook that feature?","output":" think the googles whole idea is to suck more people to their site,  don't think they will allow uploading to outside servers."},{"input":"my friend buys diamonds","output":"hy does this guy get  points?  think that's an amazing comment."},{"input":" think the googles whole idea is to suck more people to their site,  don't think they will allow uploading to outside servers.","output":"hey do this with blogger.com. est example is the reddit blog."},{"input":"acsinating.  don't even listen to electronica, nor to  commercials, and 've heard that loop many, many times. owever, ero hasn't necessarily copied the men recording itself. ll drummers learn that beat, along with the dozens of others that make up the furniture of our musical tradition. either would the sound of the instruments themselves be especially hard to replicate.","output":" think the beat is, as you say fairly simple, but the sound of it is unique. know that several people have tried to replicate it, and definitely did not succeed."},{"input":"opposites attract each other. i recommend introvert to be paired with an extrovert.","output":"hile  agree that my ideal mate is an extrovert,  don't agree that pposites always attract.   dated a girl who was my complete opposite on the yersriggs ersonality ndicator and while she was fun at times, and generally a sweet girl, she drove me crazy by the end of it.o for some traits, being with your opposite is ideal, but not all of them."},{"input":"is it beta?","output":"es, notice the  tag under the logo"},{"input":"his guy apologizing to heney seems to have historical parallels. magine how itler's or ussolinis's minions would grovel at their feet to save being put in prison or before the firing squad.  'm sorry you shot me r. heney, it's ok, anytime you like, r. heney sir. xcellent aim r. heney.","output":"ye.  feel like 'm watching an episode of lack dder."},{"input":"lupin,  sure hope you're right, because patenting  would be crazy.ersonally  think the  atent ffice is out of control.  atents on basic software innovations?  atents on life forms?  t's ridiculous.","output":"s anyone still trying to argue that patents are necessary to induce people to innovate?  hey basically allow companies to sit on their laurels once they get a patent, instead of constantly competing to get ahead.  eing first to market is already incentive enough.here's nothing stopping inventors from working for companies just like programmers do.  nd can you imagine how much money gets wasted dealing with patents, which could be avoided if they didn't exist?"},{"input":"f you actually read the patent, you can see that the author of this main article really did not read the patent.  he patent itself mentions , ava and other rich media.  e has not been granted an article on richmedia.  e basically wants to   content via a web system instead of using a  builder on your own computerere is a quote from the patent ichmedia productions are programmed and edited using powerful and complex tools designed for this purpose. uch productions are a recent phenomenon to the nternet and have only been made possible by the introduction of multimedia tools and technologies for the creation of highproduction nternet content. one of these multimedia tools and technologies, however, allows for the creation of richmedia applications via the nternet.f you go to this website listed in the comment, you can see that the patent owner is just trying to  lash content via the web  not using software on your computer.  o, this article is very inaccurate.top the hype, demote this article.","output":"top the patent system, promote this article.ven if you are right it still isn't something worth a patent, nor is anything else softwarerelated for that matter."},{"input":"is it beta?","output":"sn't everything oogle does eta?sn't mail still eta?"},{"input":"mm, they haven't seen my girlfriend. ang on she now reads reddit  delete delete!","output":"aven't you heard?  eading reddit is the new stayinginandwatchingamovietogether."},{"input":"n innovative nternet xperiment to fill a iving oom with ash which aims to benefit the hildren's ish oundation. leverly uses multiple revenue streams such as fan support, ad revenue, and other means to generate cash. lso posts most amusing bills sent in for all to see. un and ntertaining dea for a good cause.","output":" wonder if this will work? rm...."},{"input":"ear ngland,ust a friendly little reminder t wasn't your choice.ove,he nited tates of merica","output":"t's a joke, you genius."},{"input":"ry reading  patent without tears marring your vision. or starters nited tates atent tbstract  method for inducing cats to exercise consists of directing a beam of invisible light produced by a handheld laser apparatus onto the floor or wall or other opaque surface in the vicinity of the cat, then moving the laser so as to cause the bright pattern of light to move in an irregular way fascinating to cats, and to any other animal with a chase instinct.","output":" like  too.  stick to play fetch with. t can  crazy scientists these days  even be made of wood, if you so choose."},{"input":"lupin,  sure hope you're right, because patenting  would be crazy.ersonally  think the  atent ffice is out of control.  atents on basic software innovations?  atents on life forms?  t's ridiculous.","output":"t's not them, it's the bulk of patents. he patent office only checks spelling, not prior technology, and leaves problems to be solved when things are challenged  and  believe most things that are challenged are indeed revoked.ut yes, patents are archaic things this day and age."},{"input":"hile 'm glad to see this  too many abortions are done purely out of convenience, 'm pretty baffled with there not being an exception for rape victims.s there an exception for cases where its either the mother or the child that dies?nyway, people are free to have their own opinions, but when people are having abortions simply because they don't want the child or they don't have the money, there is no excuse. ou really should've thought of that before you decided to start practicing a human action which has the sideeffect of producing human beings.his day and age, there's plenty of people on adoption waiting lists that would gladly take your baby. here just is no excuse for killing a child purely out of convenience.till, there does need to be some type of exception for both rape victims and in cases where the mother can die. n that case  don't think you can really give a black and white answer, and it comes down to the situation at hand.","output":"here should be no exception for rape victims, because it does not make sense to justify another crime to repair the crime which has already been done and is irreversible.or situations where the mother's health is in danger, the only legally permissible action should be for the doctor to relocate the developing child to some place either inside the mother's body or outside the mother's body where it can continue its development with a reduced health impact to the mother.  nd this should only be allowed when it is conclusive that mother would die if the child's development were not interfered with. understand that this usually results in the death of the child, as we have no real means to guarantee that a child can develop outside of a mother's body or even if it is to be relocated to another part of the mother's body.  owever, we are talking about a tough decision where a doctor is usually deciding between one death and two deaths.  nd, the child's death is an unintended double effect of the action to save the mother's life."},{"input":"ou should post this to fr.reddit.com","output":" don't speak rench, but  enjoyed this site. icuters are multilingual."},{"input":"or my convenience, 'd like to off people like you who think it's  to exterminate a certain class of humans because they are a nuisance.  his option should be available to me without state interference, because  don't really want to go to jail for murdering you at my leisure.ee how your logic works out?  reat, isn't it?","output":"gt ee how your logic works out?o."},{"input":"hat's a problem with the useragent, not with the spec. here's nothing insecure about  itself. avascript, on the other hand...","output":"here's plenty insecure with css. f any form elements are allowed, it could be used to easily place a realistic looking fake login on a page that sends your passwords straight to the attacker.n fact, css is usually a key ingredient in crosssitescripting attacks."},{"input":"sn't everything oogle does eta?sn't mail still eta?","output":"ep."},{"input":" guarantee he wouldn't get it.","output":"aul raham    earing that shirt"},{"input":" thought it was u u d d l r l r b a select start am  wrong or did  mistakenly hit that select key on contra for years?","output":"hat's for  player, good memory though."},{"input":"hat's for  player, good memory though.","output":"even better memory knowing the difference. well done."},{"input":"f you oppose abortion, it's presumably because you are of the opinion that abortion is murder. f its murder, how can you possibly justify killing a human being just because his or her father committed a criminal act?hat if that child were brought to term, was born, and developed into an adult. ould it be okay to kill him at  years of age? f not, how can you advocate killing him in utero and still unhypocritically claim that a fetus is a human being?","output":"gt f its murder, how can you possibly justify killing a human being just because his or her father committed a criminal act?ome women literally cannot bring a child to term when they are rape victims. t just totally screws them up emotionally and psychiologically.'m not saying that its necessarily the right thing to do, but  do believe in that situation it should be a choice of the mother, because she did not take the actions that led to her current situation. t was not her fault. ts not something done just out of convenience.gt hat if that child were brought to term, was born, and developed into an adult. ould it be okay to kill him at  years of age? f not, how can you advocate killing him in utero and still unhypocritically claim that a fetus is a human being?ike  said, it depends on if the woman is emotionally stable enough to even bring the child to term. ot all can when it comes to rape. ape is a pretty horrible act.  mean,  don't have firsthand experience, but rape involves one human being absolutely violating one another in the most disgraceful way possible. ape can mess people up  and for some women, carrying the baby of the man who raped her can really hurt them."},{"input":"hat's a problem with the useragent, not with the spec. here's nothing insecure about  itself. avascript, on the other hand...","output":"unny,  don't recall saying there was anything wrong with the spec."},{"input":" think the author needs to practice what they preach, specifically regarding irrelevant details and coming across as arrogant.  ust look at the education section with the details regarding being  when they acheieved their achelors, and their .  toward their asters while working full time at icrosoft.","output":"eah, but that's genuinely impressive."},{"input":"hat's for  player, good memory though.","output":"hat's right,  always played it with both controllers because, well,  sucked at contra and needed the extra lives. lways wondered why my muscle memory never corresponded to the key sequence everyone posted."},{"input":"ongrats, you found an htmlinjection exploit.","output":"he funny thing is, after we removed the images, it looks more like what reddit would actually look like all text."},{"input":"ou reason that its not the state's place to regulate abortions because it's grounded in a religious principle..  ell that is just silly.  t's like saying that since one of the  commandments is thou shalt not kill then the goverment shouldn't have laws against murder.","output":"ell, that's a debate of a different sort. 'd just as soon see the government not allow abort on demand, but  try to take a realistic perspective which accounts for the opinions of those that don't share my faith. urder is widely acknowledgedeven by atheiststo be at the very least an inconvenience to the victims... for abortion there's a significant divide between the rightsofwoman vs. rightsofbaby camps. mean, hey, 'm not sure divorceondemand is the greatest thing either, but how far will it get me to go tooting that horn?"},{"input":"his is good, but long.  nd the material has been covered in other, better, articles.","output":"ould you please link to these better articles?"},{"input":"amen.","output":"ut  love watching tv!"},{"input":"ut  love watching tv!","output":"wow, even  have to rate myself down on that one."},{"input":"aven't you heard?  eading reddit is the new stayinginandwatchingamovietogether.","output":"ear eddit, never imagined  would be writing a letter like this..."},{"input":"ow, a company uses advertising to sway people to buy something they don't need? ascinating concept!his article is lame and boring.","output":"way entire countries for generations.  t's the scale of the operation that is impressive.  omething r. vil could do."},{"input":"ow, look at 'arena'.  t's a proper raycaster.  ho needs olf....","output":" shudder to think what that flash will do fullscreen. ot too efficient software rendering backed by what probably isn't an ideal  engine? eck, some ads already noticably slow things down..."},{"input":"come on, oad rip and arold and umar o to hitecastle were fine movies.ecent tips though.","output":"ell,  hear that arold amp umar had a risten ell cameo in the end credits. ight have to rent it sometime just for that. "},{"input":"come on, oad rip and arold and umar o to hitecastle were fine movies.ecent tips though.","output":"nd most of the movies that he said were hard to rent for lame reasons were also... lame movies. oviebox designers and movie viewers have worked out a rather efficient form of communication.  know  don't want to watch seabiscuit. oo.ven otel wanda, which was a fantastic movie, is obviously not everyone's cup of tea. ut  think putting  in the title might have been the more significant indicator than every indie award it could have collected."},{"input":" think there is a big difference what your goals are when animal testing. f you are trying to cure cancer it is infinitely more justified than if you try to create the color of the year for a new lipstick.","output":" think animal testing of cosmetics is a red herring, nobody promotes it, and cosmetics companies know their brand is in trouble if they're caught doing it.he spectre of cosmetics testing as an excuse to support antivivisection groups is turning a blind eye to what these groups really target."},{"input":"orrible interface. his could so be reworked beautifully with jax and possibly lash. ny designers interested in a side project?","output":" simple and already effective improvement would be to remove the  tag."},{"input":"n fact 'm burning my holidays.  ut  can't help it,  like the little alien from the future.","output":"k fair enough,  see you are just trying to contribute to the reddit community."},{"input":"hat's what lazy and stupid people always say when they are embarassed by the time and attention that someone else has put into a constructive project.","output":"hat was lazy wasn't it? 'll try to do better in the future. hanks budday!"},{"input":" wonder if anyone from  reads eddit?  t would be very interesting to hear from their point of view.","output":"eleting in protest of eddit's new antiuser admin policies."},{"input":"hat was lazy wasn't it? 'll try to do better in the future. hanks budday!","output":"es.  ou failed to rebut any of his points, and took a swipe instead.  hat was lazy, and turning a nonthought into a comment makes you look somewhat stupid.  hy bother doing so?"},{"input":"ook,   animals, but they're animals, they're not people.  f we can responsibly use animals for the betterment of mankind, we .","output":"efine betterment of mankind, please?"},{"input":"'ve travelled by air about once a month for the past two years.   have, in that time, never encountered anything like she's commenting on.   treat the security guards like people and with respect ... and they do the same for me.  f course,  travel exclusively on the est oast ... maybe its an eastern  thing.","output":"n the last eight months, 've traveled to t. ouis, ortland, ondon, hicago,  and eneva, and  haven't encountered anything like the horrors described in the article. he screening practices may be useless theater, but  haven't found them to be offensive or invasive. y wife, infant daughter, and  regularly get through security in fifteen to thirty minutes. he worst airport experiences 've ever had were in  in aris, isbon, and arcelona."},{"input":"ow does that make me rich when the rest of the world discovers eddit?","output":"ow we're onto something..  new reddit thats linked to your paypal account. ear with meach link represents a verified startup. he link points to a page that summarizes the projects their working on. henever you click on a link it donates  to them.k,  haven't figured out how the end user gets profit back, except that the startup will get a list of donators..lright scratch that. ets say that the companies above are instead teams that work on open source software. he end user gets the benefit of using the great stuff they are able to work on more due to donations.oesn't everyone think that a nice, simple, centralized donation system like this is just what the  community neads?"},{"input":" believe in reddit  it's the most addictive website 've encountered, and the core technology could probably be applied to lots of other subject areas, like politics.  'd consider investing if there were a way to do so.  'm not sure the owners would benefit from selling stock, though  they seem to  be doing fine with what resources they have and probably don't want outsiders exerting influence on how they run their business.","output":"olitics news kills tech sites."},{"input":"efine betterment of mankind, please?","output":"eleting in protest of eddit's new antiuser admin policies."},{"input":"efine betterment of mankind, please?","output":"aking people not die."},{"input":"ook,   animals, but they're animals, they're not people.  f we can responsibly use animals for the betterment of mankind, we .","output":"hat separates us from animals.  ecause it couldn't possibly be you that ends up being experimented on?  f that is the case, lets start testing on humans that couldn't possibly end up being you.  hy do people hold the moral ground in this regard?  ecause it could save your life right?   think human testing would be far more likely to save your life."},{"input":"ndeed.  illions of years of breeding have engendered in my very  the proclivity to see thongs.","output":"hongs are hot because they're barely even thereot to mention that the top orange is warped."},{"input":"hat separates us from animals.  ecause it couldn't possibly be you that ends up being experimented on?  f that is the case, lets start testing on humans that couldn't possibly end up being you.  hy do people hold the moral ground in this regard?  ecause it could save your life right?   think human testing would be far more likely to save your life.","output":"eleting in protest of eddit's new antiuser admin policies."},{"input":"ou find it amazing that magazine models are magazinetype beautiful?","output":"h, yes. pparently only very few of them are so."},{"input":"t's okay, but 'd probably like it more if the before and afters were all associated with the right pictures.","output":"heir gallery is buggy, but you can work it out. witch between images a few times and it seems to sort itself."},{"input":"eleting in protest of eddit's new antiuser admin policies.","output":"our definition is significantly different from tss's definition  almost anything can be argued as changing for the better. hat is why  asked the question."},{"input":"eleting in protest of eddit's new antiuser admin policies.","output":"o, really, what separates the pain a human feels from that of what an animal feels? hat is the difference? hy do you feel for the pain of one over the other? on't they respond to the drugs and pain the same way we do, isn't that why we use them for experiments?"},{"input":"ndeed.  illions of years of breeding have engendered in my very  the proclivity to see thongs.","output":"he thong accentuates those features that millions of years of breeding have taught you to appreciate. xplaining having a fetish for the thong itself 'll leave to the reudists."},{"input":"'ll never let someone take my picture again.","output":"are to explain?"},{"input":"erhaps someone who has flown on l l can comment on what effective airport security is like.  y guess is that it sucks at least as much as what we're putting up with here in the .. and probably more.","output":" haven't flown l l, but  did fly ufthansa out of el viv a couple of years back, so  have some experience with sraeli airport security.t didn't suck as much as what we have here, and that's for a couple of reasons.  irst, they have more experience with it.  ut primarily it was because sraeli airport security concentrates on what actually makes a difference, and not on what makes a big show.or example, our checked baggage was depressurized before the flight, to make sure that it didn't contain pressurefused bombs.  his isn't a big, obvious thing, but it is a lot more useful than making everyone take off their shoeswhich we didn't have to do.ot that there wasn't plenty of security theater too you can't go into a public building like a shopping center without a guard peering casually into your briefcase first."},{"input":" really want to know what  did to make this number  on my recommended page.","output":"all my recommendations are negative too."},{"input":" lot of the people look better before the editing.  erhaps 'm in the minority.","output":"'m with you on that one.  ou don't notice how artificial they actually look until you can compare the original."},{"input":"ne thing 've been a bit concerned about with reddit is the creeping in of overtly political articles, usually about  issues, almost alwayus from a emocratic viewpoint.  don't care about  politics, and would like a version of reddit that didn't contain multiple references to conspiracy theories derived from heney shooting people  if such a thing is possible to engineer, all the better.","output":".  'm also sick of it"},{"input":"why not test on people?f testing on people is not acceptable, why should animal testing?","output":"because we are speciesist.we are speciesist because we cannot otherwise survive.are there any other encyclopedias you'd like to have condensed into bumpersticker format in a hurry?"},{"input":"ah i thought you were going to say it would feature programmers' tools","output":"he space could go one character sooner, too. ow many meanings does dirty have, anyway?"},{"input":" just dont understand how the companies can be so damned greedy. ountries like apan and outh orea have connections  times as fast as ours. t's not expensive to provide bandwith anymore. hy are we being held up so much?","output":"ou can't imagine a company maximizing their profit, by limiting the quality of their service to lower cost since there isn't any real competition, because they have the advantage of being a natural monopoly?"},{"input":"he problem of photoshopping in magazines is overhyped.f you belive bodyimage problems stem from impossible ideals created in photoshop, watch  and music videos instead of reading magazines  no photoshopping of models is taking place, but somehow  doubt that solves anything, at least with a magazine you can tell yourself it isn't real.n a slightly unreleated note, an advantage with photoshopping still images is anybody can get this done, you don't have to be a magazine model.","output":"'m not really sure what your point is... is it that photoshop itself doesn't cause the problem?  ell, of course it doesn't. ven without photoshop, we're already seeing a far greater percentage of beautiful people than is realistic, through music videos, , etc.   don't think anyone's saying it's only an issue because of photoshop.  t's how we use it to intensify the unreality of the beautiful people we're already seeing in the media.lso, judging from the popularity of this link,  would guess that it's not so easy for people to tell when it's real.  therwise, why would we be so fascinated by a site that exposes the photoshopping?"},{"input":"d loose faith too if  were to read this so called bibile. ve heard of a ible...but what the heck is a bibile?","output":"nd if you spell it correctly suddenly all the  in the bible makes sense?"},{"input":"doesn't work on firefox?","output":"works for me"},{"input":"oda, men  er ikke s drlig som folk vil ha det til! et virker p meg som folk stemmer negativt p andre for selv  komme opp! elv prver jeg  gi  til de artiklene jeg  og synes er kurrante! olk stemmer fr de gir sin stemme! ar ikke lang tid med slikt fr en slik tjeneste utspiller sin rolle!","output":"lt fra vg.no stemmes ned. ammed med dagbla', aftenposten, eller andre oppgulp av nyheter og propaganda. et eneste untak jeg har sett s langt er artikler om  og annen kriminalitet mot forbrukere issengalyay, osv.et jeg savner er orges svar p aul raham. orges softwarekke. g hvor er pen ource folket? "},{"input":"ind of surprised the article didn't mention this isn't the plan probably to sell the company to someone? eep the burn rate low, get a bunch of users, and sell it when it gets popular. ight?","output":"elling seems to be the best option to me. nternet search companies like oogle are interested in people linking to good content instead of spam, so it makes sense for them to run a site like reddit without getting financial revenue from it."},{"input":"r det du som str bak vagbladet.no?? f so, st p! ette er bra saker! ","output":"temmer, og takker og bukker ."},{"input":"et overrasket meg ogs hvor mye folk stemmer ting ned. ypisk norsk ","output":"lapp av det ordner sej.tolmodighet er ikkje ein dyd."},{"input":"hat's very cool, but why on earth wasn't he in the  game??","output":" imagine the other team was kind enough to ease off the pressure and allow the attempts, something that could not be expected in a full out game.  r am  wrong?or me, the possibility that kids from both teams cooperated just adds to the moment."},{"input":" imagine the other team was kind enough to ease off the pressure and allow the attempts, something that could not be expected in a full out game.  r am  wrong?or me, the possibility that kids from both teams cooperated just adds to the moment.","output":" imagine the other team probably didn't really know who this kid was whatsoever"},{"input":" imagine the other team was kind enough to ease off the pressure and allow the attempts, something that could not be expected in a full out game.  r am  wrong?or me, the possibility that kids from both teams cooperated just adds to the moment.","output":" might agree with you.  n all but one of the shots he made he had an opponent right in front of him, but its hard to see how hard the opponent was trying to block the shot."},{"input":"doesn't work on firefox?","output":"irefox ., ac . orks for me."},{"input":" imagine the other team was kind enough to ease off the pressure and allow the attempts, something that could not be expected in a full out game.  r am  wrong?or me, the possibility that kids from both teams cooperated just adds to the moment.","output":"i agree. the game was already out of hand when the kid was put in. i'm guessing the opposing coach told his kids to lay off a bit."},{"input":"s this supposed to have any sound?","output":"es! on't watch it if you don't get any sound, the music is like the best part. "},{"input":"nough about isp! o all articles about isp automatically make the ot list? ow about starting lisp.reddit.com for this stuff? ot that isp isn't cool, but honestly...","output":"greed. n top of that, this piece is just fluff.  claim like isp is the most important idea in computer science needs to be justified, but this article fails to do so."},{"input":" hink the stuff in his belly is passion.  oes anyone else agree?","output":" figured it was soul"},{"input":"es! on't watch it if you don't get any sound, the music is like the best part. ","output":"greed.  n case you can't make out the tiny text in the credits, the music is called legia, by ew rder, off the owife album."},{"input":"ounds like what ac   already does.","output":"f only someone would implement launchd for linux."},{"input":" figured it was soul","output":"nd when he gets to the anager level, he has none left."},{"input":"ut he's just talking about taping your reply card to a brick.aping it to a wellpacked box sounds like it would work great.","output":"xtremely doubtful.he  knows just as well as do you and  that these envelopes are not intended to be attached to a box  especially a peculiarly heavy one."},{"input":"nd when he gets to the anager level, he has none left.","output":"a ha ha!  like that!"},{"input":"his is old and is already implemented in linux.   am using it right now.","output":"eah,  believe buntu's apper rake release does this."},{"input":"greed. n top of that, this piece is just fluff.  claim like isp is the most important idea in computer science needs to be justified, but this article fails to do so.","output":" don't think he really meant isp,  think the aspect of isp that is just one incarnation of code as data is the idea he is talking about."},{"input":"greed. n top of that, this piece is just fluff.  claim like isp is the most important idea in computer science needs to be justified, but this article fails to do so.","output":" agree, too. ow can one say that a programming language is the most important idea in computer science? nd to justify it, he lists a couple of quotes about how great lisp is.he way  see it, computer science is a bit more than this one can not just chose a programming language as the best idea."},{"input":" have seen bears do some impressive climbing in the ierras, but the really amazing part is that none of the knots or the rope didn't give.","output":" really like your posts here on reddit.  mean, aside from this one.o you have a web presence that you'd like to associate with your bigheadarmy nickname? ike, you know, a blog? oogle doesn't abide."},{"input":"hat's one deathdefying bear. nd no safety net, mind you. he local headhunter would like to have a copy of his  for a career in the circus!","output":"e is only  meters above ground. ou can not die from falling at that hight."},{"input":" hink the stuff in his belly is passion.  oes anyone else agree?","output":"he so called, fire inside you"},{"input":" really like your posts here on reddit.  mean, aside from this one.o you have a web presence that you'd like to associate with your bigheadarmy nickname? ike, you know, a blog? oogle doesn't abide.","output":"here are s when you need them? pez, knthing, time for a new feature!"},{"input":"ooks fake to me as well. 'm pretty sure bears can't grip something as thin as that rope and hang upside down.","output":"ou ever seen some of the very small branches that bears climb? hey definitely are capable of such feats.  don't see anything in the photo that makes it look fake to me."},{"input":"on't poopoo touchscreens.  hey're gonna be big... way bigger than the mouse.  his multiinput touchscreen technology will be really important, not just for cool programs but for every day stuff like web browsing and word processing.hands gt mouse","output":"xcept  really don't want anyone's greasy hands getting smears all over my screen..."},{"input":"his is old and is already implemented in linux.   am using it right now.","output":"heck the date of the article.  knew 'd heard of this somewhere.y biggest concern would be disabling the paralell boot for troubleshooting purposes. ou'd need some way to tell init to run one set of scripts instead of another. he author suggests that this should be easy, but  think that you'd be looking at, at best, a modified init."},{"input":"t is quite sad reading alot of the comments.  ost of them are young teens having a very tough time dealing with their speech, their posts are filled with anguish and self doubt.","output":"ave you been to any teen forums? ost of them sound like that a mixture of angst, cheerful mental laziness, and poor grammar. y sympathy is with them vaguely remember going to speech classes when  was in elementary school to help me say the  sound properlybut comments like that are near universal from young teens. don't know whether that should make you less sad, or more."},{"input":"ow could they have done anything else? hope they let eil oung give the speech.  e's the only one of the s geezers who really  punk.","output":" hope they let eil oung give the speech. e's the only one of the s geezers who really  punk.ndeed, more so than the stuckin ' bands who keep making the same amones album over and over."},{"input":"ounds like what ac   already does.","output":"nd indows. "},{"input":" like ython too but this article is so bad  can barely finish it.  irst, in the first paragraph, he conflates  with programming languages.  hortly thereafter, he works in how he is a wunderkind that learned programming at age .  ater he refers to the complexity of erl without any specifics perhaps he's referring to map, which would be ironic.n a nutshell vague tripe.","output":" would consider  as programming in "},{"input":"he war on drugs is not meant to be won, and it's not meant to reduce drug use.  t's meant to trick people into thinking politicians are doing good things.  ame with gun control, the war on poverty, and every other government program.  overnment programs are a way of consolidating government power, by doing something that looks good and making people think the government is necessary.  ppearance trumps substance.rug abuse is worse now that when the drug war was started.  any people realize that it's stupid, but many others believe what the government tells them, that without the ar on rugs their kids will go to raves and do .  hen they can sleep well, content that the government has taken over the responsibility of keeping their kids away from drugs.  hile their kids go out to raves and do .","output":"lease don't call it he ar on rugs the correct term is he ar on ome rugs."},{"input":"e is only  meters above ground. ou can not die from falling at that hight.","output":"hat're you talking about?  f you're hanging precariously on a rope like that, you could break your back by falling  feet.  t's all about how you land."},{"input":" like ython too but this article is so bad  can barely finish it.  irst, in the first paragraph, he conflates  with programming languages.  hortly thereafter, he works in how he is a wunderkind that learned programming at age .  ater he refers to the complexity of erl without any specifics perhaps he's referring to map, which would be ironic.n a nutshell vague tripe.","output":"gt in the first paragraph, he conflates  with programming languagesonsense. ead it again. e uses ython, and he uses . e promotes ython, but he does not promote . he implication is that it's not his habit to promote a language just because he uses it, but rather because there is something special about it. e goes on to explain why he thinks ython is special.e no doubt mentioned  because he is famous for promoting  in preference to .  think he was the one who started that debate.  typcially uses . 'm also familiar with his advocacy of , which is an  language. ne might have supposed that he was a big fan of  itself.e's a smart guy, and in my opinion he is very clearsighted when it comes to the big picture of things."},{"input":"ere in ancouver. lot of eitnamese gangs are envolved in growing pot. he way the governemnt catches them is to simply look at the electricity bill. o circumvent this, most pot growers rent basements for a few month and move out as soon as the pots are harvested.ut the looks of this house in question. he investment must be huge. hey can be caught very fast if they tap into the grid.  am guessing that they probably have their own generators.","output":"ctually, this got me to thinking. specially given the hydraulic doors, and the depth, and so on,... could this have been somebodies nuke shelter from a few years back that got converted? ots of people built basement shelters in the 's's and that would explain the huge doors etc. n that case the investment would be less  simply buy a place that some paranoid type had built. n the other hand, the house looks fairly recent..."},{"input":"ery little content.","output":"nd no mention of how to fit a conifer into y."},{"input":"atellite photo not shown with article. owever, interesting sidebyside picture of fake and real  bill.","output":"nd it's not as though a satellite photo of a counterfeit bill factory looks any different from a satellite photo of any other kind of factory. lot of the articles showing up in reddit lately are like this they tell you just enough to get you interested, but not enough to be of any real value."},{"input":"here are s when you need them? pez, knthing, time for a new feature!","output":" haven't yet had a need for s. his works fine for me."},{"input":"he war on drugs is not meant to be won, and it's not meant to reduce drug use.  t's meant to trick people into thinking politicians are doing good things.  ame with gun control, the war on poverty, and every other government program.  overnment programs are a way of consolidating government power, by doing something that looks good and making people think the government is necessary.  ppearance trumps substance.rug abuse is worse now that when the drug war was started.  any people realize that it's stupid, but many others believe what the government tells them, that without the ar on rugs their kids will go to raves and do .  hen they can sleep well, content that the government has taken over the responsibility of keeping their kids away from drugs.  hile their kids go out to raves and do .","output":"gt and every other government program.aroon."},{"input":" modded this up not because of the content, but because  find it fascinating that it was no. on the front page of reddit already.  didn't realise redditers were also stoners.alk about a selffulfilling prophecy","output":"ot only interesting to stoners."},{"input":"hat interests me about this idea is the fact that oogle is a very programmercentric company. f they bought un, how much would ava be used inside oogle? hat would end up happening to ava?","output":"hat would end up happening to ava?veryone would have to use ython."},{"input":"eah,  don't think the idea is to always demonstrate practical solutions to problems.  t's sort of a hey look, you can do this cool thing with  site. don't really agree that a table is a good choice for a calendar. o my mind tables should be about presenting data based on two variables... the number of hits a website got for each day of the week per browser type, or sales per staff member per month.  hink about it... what would you label the columns and rows if you used tables to make a calendar?ust because they're the same shape doesn't mean it makes sense to use the same markup.  f course,  is probably the wrong tool too but it doesn't hurt to experiment ","output":"gt what would you label the columns and rows if you used tables to make a calendar?ne row is one week. ne column is a day of the week.here ya go "},{"input":"hat would end up happening to ava?veryone would have to use ython.","output":"et's hope so!  love ython and the more  use ava the more  hate it's verbosity."},{"input":"gt what would you label the columns and rows if you used tables to make a calendar?ne row is one week. ne column is a day of the week.here ya go ","output":"k ok that wasn't the most carefully thoughtthrough comment!    still think there are better ways to do calendars than either tables or ."},{"input":"s you say, it's in the 's interest to deliver bulk mail, because that's how they make a lot of their money.n fact, that's why .. letter postage is so cheap  it's subsidized by the sale of bulk mail permits.o if you want to  get rid of bulk mail, go right ahead, but recognize that you'll be getting rid of cheap private mail at the same time.","output":"... and the problem with that is?"},{"input":" wish  could recoup those  hours a day as much as anyone, but frankly this sounds a little unhealthy, or, at best unpleasant.","output":"eah, no way 'd do this.  leep does more for you than make you able to function mentally you repair yourself and develop physically outside of .   value my good physical health and ability to develop muscle way too much to do this."},{"input":"omplex, but a good idea.ho cares what links are the most popular?   just want things that 'm interested to be popular!his would also have the added benefit of spammers not really seeing how badly their submissions do unless they log out.","output":"gt ho cares what links are the most popular?  just want things that 'm interested to be popular!greed! therwise we'd be using igg.com for our groupthink links. "},{"input":"hat interests me about this idea is the fact that oogle is a very programmercentric company. f they bought un, how much would ava be used inside oogle? hat would end up happening to ava?","output":"ava is already used very heavily inside google."},{"input":"hat's not funny.  ","output":"t's not, but it is. "},{"input":" must say these were pretty nice. ut until the media industry figures out that consumers won't tolerate retarded  schemes,  will stay away from  like rabies.","output":"efinitely, yeah.'m also really skeptical of a nonbackcompatible format.  think they'll have much better luck introducing it if they sell nhanced discs that will be a  in a  player and a luray in a luray player.hat said, it sure is a gorgeous  transfer. ow."},{"input":"is articles raise some interesting topics, but  tend to take  what he says with a fairly large grain of salt.","output":"ope he doesn't become just another pseudointelligent talking head like oel something or other and that one guy whose name is something like alskzlxk."},{"input":"uite possibly the dumbest thing 've ever heard. un holds very little value to oogle because un holds very little value to . he few technology leads they have in the industry will not make up for their ham handed leadership. f some part of oogle's infrastructure relied on un technology, this would at least be plausible.","output":" concur. t'd be like buying isco or ortel... like, why?"},{"input":"et er en jungel av sm, mellomstore og forholdsvis store nettsteder i orge. risen p nettannonser er forholdsmessig lave. e frreste nettsteder har derfor en egen annonseavdeling. ormlet med annonsepriser.no er  gi annonsrer en kortfattet oversikt over hvilke nettsteder som tilbyr annonser og til hvilken pris.","output":"om du selv sa det et er en jungel der ute.    !!!"},{"input":"yeah, maybe. also how about a reddit for free indie music?  ","output":" like it!"},{"input":"houldn't this be  olitics then?","output":"t is difficult to distinguish  foreign politics and world politics."},{"input":" hink the stuff in his belly is passion.  oes anyone else agree?","output":"o, that's not what  meant at all. ou couldn't have gotten it more wrong. ust forget it i'm embarrassed for both of us. the author"},{"input":"his is somewhat interesting, but what excites me is the prospect of being rid of all blondes within a century.  oot.ctually, some people's hair color changes as they grow.   was a blonde in youth but now have dark brown hair.","output":"rue, my hair bleached very easily in the sun when  was younger. ow is this accounted for in this theory?"},{"input":"uite possibly the dumbest thing 've ever heard. un holds very little value to oogle because un holds very little value to . he few technology leads they have in the industry will not make up for their ham handed leadership. f some part of oogle's infrastructure relied on un technology, this would at least be plausible.","output":"he stuff about having to split the stock to attract investors etc reveals that the chap don't know what he's talkin' 'bout.aybe oogle buys un in the end, but this article is amateurish at best."},{"input":" think you're replying to a different question.  ou're saying knowing assembler is good, which is not the same thing as do you ever write any.   never write any, but  learned enough of it  years ago to get what  need out of it.","output":"s knowing assembler useful? is interesting, too..."},{"input":" hate writing. lways have. lad to be born in the age of computers.","output":"ou know,  totally agree. y brain actually subconsciously has an aversion to doing any work which will require writing homework assignments laden with math which  don't want to bother typesetting, notetaking in labs, etc.  only recently realized this before,  just had this vague feeling that those things are somehow hard."},{"input":"h right, my bad,  hadn't watched it when  posted this.  hat  said still stands in general, though.  nd  didn't really mean any offence to you personally  mean, if it's a choice between streaming clip and no clip then obviously we all wanna see the clip.","output":"o worries, ersonally 'm a huge fan of the streaming clip explosion on the internet as of late.. thinking back to even a year ago there was less availible out there. othing satisfies me more then an easily accessible clip. no download, unzipping, waiting etc..."},{"input":"he linked site never said it was , as far as  could tell.f we assume the author is using a   , it would be x natively.  he pixels aren't square, however, so it needs to be upsampled to x to have the correct aspect ratio.  hus the x resolution would be appropriate if this is from an  .   think this was a valid comparison.","output":"greed, the author is probably sincere.y point is sers shouldn't blame the low visual quality of  s on the  standard itself. f they tried  s, preferably on a noninterlaced display, maybe they wouldn't feel compelled to rush to the wonderful world of  ."},{"input":"yeah, maybe. also how about a reddit for free indie music?  ","output":" for the indie music idea."},{"input":"'m not sure why you'd be teary about this. 'm sure shooting  pointers is very difficult, but autism is not a physical disability there's nothing especially impressive about this guy having done it.t's nice that the coach let him play, though he was obviously pretty keen...","output":"gh!"},{"input":"!!!","output":"            !!   '  !!! !!!!!!"},{"input":"enne stod i norskboken min p videregende. lassisk!","output":"e har jo social engineerings skills evin itnick verdig "},{"input":"heck out the source chock full o'  injection opportunities. ut still inspiring.","output":"eah  don't like the bare  either but the first solution that jumps into mind is to extend the web class and add a new objectrelationalmapping method"},{"input":"aving more of the day sounds great.ut it appears this would take spontenaity and certain activities out of my life,  dinner and drinks runs late perhaps,  a day on the skihill, a long bike ride, a friend calls and invites you out, a round of golf.  ll of these don't work well with having to take a half hour nap every  hours.","output":" completely agree with you on this. t's the bad part about polyphasic sleep.  did  equal sleep sessions almost without fail for a year of college, but that's because it fit my schedule well."},{"input":", but how is this even remotely copyright legal?","output":"ssuming it's not done with the permission of the copyright holdert's not."},{"input":" don't have any idea what this page is talking about but  like moving the mouse in and out to make little animations!  orks well on  and .","output":"ahaha! reat!"},{"input":"'d love to see a video of one of these getting hit by an . ly vs. windshield, anyone?","output":"exaspunk, ey?"},{"input":"rue, my hair bleached very easily in the sun when  was younger. ow is this accounted for in this theory?","output":"hen you have no insightful reply, just press the down arrow.."},{"input":"heck out the source chock full o'  injection opportunities. ut still inspiring.","output":"'ve never worked with python before, but i can't imagine it's hard or a lot of extra code to change that  to simple prepared statements... is it?"},{"input":"o where can  find a picture of it with the gate open.","output":"he lift gate hinges on the front of the car and you open it like an oyster.idding.  have no idea how it's supposed to work."},{"input":"he reason why the number of blondes will decrease is that the gene for blondeness is recessive.  t assumes that blondes will intermarry with nonblondes.s an exampleuppose  percent of the people in the world were blonde with  blonde genes, and  nonblonde, with no blonde genes.   of the genes are blonde.  f people marry at random, there will be  blondes,  nonblondes with  blonde gene, and  of people with no blonde gene.  f each set of parents had  kids, the number of blondes would have dropped fold.here's no reason for blondes to disappear entirely though.    s long as  out of , genes is for blondeness, one would expect an average of at least  blonde in a population of  billion.","output":"or a gene, being recessive does not imply being weaker.f there is no difference looking at the fitness of blondes and nonblondes, the distribution of genotypes will remain more or less constant. s a consequence, the same holds for the distribution of the phenotypes  the number of blondes. here is also no single gene for blondeness,  guess, so everything here is a simplification."},{"input":"ven if it is just a joke, it still looks awesome to me ","output":"hich only proves that you are as ignorant as ep. on ood. "},{"input":"loridians are often found in anff and ake ouise skiing in ebruary. eeing as you are so clueless about a simple fact like that,   have to highly doubt you have any real insight as to why a uwaiti may of may not be spending time in akistan.","output":"'m almost worried parent isn't joking."},{"input":"lways fun to discuss things at eddit make a pertinent but not positive point about the amateur toy of the day, and get all of your comments in all threads downmodded.","output":"xcept that it was not really a pertinent point. onkey patching is one of those side effect possibilities that come from having a sometimes useful feature available.t is not a pertinent point because it is not commonly done or encouraged. ringing it up is like saying  is bad because compiler macros can be abused. ny language feature can be misused to disasterous consequences."},{"input":"penffice runs acceptably on a system with enough memory.y argument is that although using languages like ython which trade execution speed for programming speed may often be the right choice,  think it would break down when applied across an entire system. n other words, it's  for penffice to be big and bloated because most of the other programs on my system are small and lean. f my window manager, mail client, web browser, instant messaging client, media player, and terminal emulator were all written in languages which made the same tradeoffs as ava and ython, 'd need a lot more hardware to do the job.orses for courses, and all that.","output":"hy would you want to rewrite all of that stuff that way though? hat possible advantages could a window manager gain from python that are worth giving up handoptimized execution?ven if someone did decide to go that route they probably would get it written, say this thing runs like a pig and rewrite the core parts in  for the speed gains."},{"input":"eligious people aren't considered to be second class citizens  as opposed to homosexuals whom are. eligious ideas are like all other ideas and inventions  subject to criticism.","output":"gt eligious people aren't considered to be second class citizensyet ..."},{"input":" notice a greenish colour cast in the  frames.","output":"e too, to tell you the truth i'm still unsure which image was  and which was not, and i was hoping for so much from !"},{"input":"gt eligious people aren't considered to be second class citizensyet ...","output":" guess the first step to religious persecution was the ar on hristmas ? "},{"input":"eligious people aren't considered to be second class citizens  as opposed to homosexuals whom are. eligious ideas are like all other ideas and inventions  subject to criticism.","output":"ctually, that's what makes religious ideas so dangerous. ou're not allowed to question they call it dogma for a reason.  or example hinking that ative mericans are desentants of a ewish tribes is stupid but you can't question it if you're on an  trip."},{"input":"ompletely ordinary vibrator. hatever.","output":"hmmm. doesn't say anything about vibrating where'd you see that?"},{"input":"'d love to see a video of one of these getting hit by an . ly vs. windshield, anyone?","output":" bit hard to hit a car made for the uropean market with a car nobody drives around here because it is so wasteful."},{"input":"ussell doesn't remember the ineties very well.  reenspan finally looked around and said, essentially,  is going on here? in .  n other words, before overvaluation of tech stocks began.  fterwards, he recanted, and by the time the bubble burst, seemed to be as caught up in it as anyone.   guess ussell is one those people who need the comfort of a wise authority who has things under control, and so fits his memory of history to fit that wish.  ut it doesn't exist.  reenspan doesn't know what's happening.  en ernanke doesn't know what's happening.  he biggest danger to our prosperity is the centralization of power in the ed.  onetary policy should be set with some kind of direct democracy.  all it the ikied.  he crowd isn't perfectly wise, but it's the wisest thing we've got.   ","output":"gt he crowd isn't perfectly wise, but it's the wisest thing we've got.he crowd is by definition mediocre, hardly wise."},{"input":"hy?  ostly because the eft is too disorganized to get together bodies of people who can protest each and every day.  epublicans are evil, and emocrats are incompetent.","output":"re you saying that the right don't support the rule of law?"},{"input":" absolutely loved it. he thing about shorts is that every single frame has to be meaningful and can't be wasted. n '' there is so much content in so little play time.  love the subtleties and the art style. nique.ope it wins the scar.","output":"ubtleties? re you kidding me? t's about as subtle as a hammer. arthboundkid expresses this point so well elsewhere on this page that i won't bother going into the details again."},{"input":"gt errorists should be treated as less than properly badged enemy combatants. hey cannot possibly be allowed the same access and privilege to defense that suspect criminal citizens do.ut these people are not terrorists. hey haven't even been accused of anything in particular. ou could of course say they are potential terrorists although you could say it of anyone.","output":"hich is why they need to have hearings to determine their status."},{"input":"gt as there a military tribunal for imothy ceigh?  hat is a completely arbitrary distinction.llow me make a clear distinction in the example you provided with imothy ceigh.  he individuals at uantanamo ay were captured on foreign soil in a recognized theater of military conflict and were foreign agents.  imothy ceigh's status fulfilled none of these conditions.gt hat sounds like the distinction between civilians and noncivilians, and foreign and domestic organizations.hank you for catching my civiliancitizen mixup.   meant to assign the statement to noncivilians.  oncivilians captured in a military operation should not receive the full breadth of judicial oversight that civilians do.  here is clearly a necessary separation of powers where the executive branch, when exercising its war powers, cannot have every action possibly scrutinized and struck down by the judicial branch.","output":"gt llow me make a clear distinction in the example you provided with imothy ceigh. he individuals at uantanamo ay were captured on foreign soil...k, so you were wrong when you said dealing with terrorism is a military matter and not of a civilian nature? lad we could clear that up.nd so you are incorrect when you say that if someone may have been involved in terrorism, we cannot have judicial oversight. f they were captured in a war zone, while participating in a war, then of course  agree they are not subject to the criminal courts. hey are prisoners of war.o what were you doing throwing around suspected terrorist everywhere?  does that have to do with civiliannoncivilian? hat was your point?"},{"input":"heck out the source chock full o'  injection opportunities. ut still inspiring.","output":"he page was a wiki so 've taken the liberty of fixing it. s watkey notes, web.py has protection against this sort of thing builtin so  just changed it to use that."},{"input":"hi people     by precious","output":"i love joe "},{"input":"gt he crowd isn't perfectly wise, but it's the wisest thing we've got.he crowd is by definition mediocre, hardly wise.","output":"ctually crowds seem to be pretty effective if they are heterogeneous to some degree and don't influence each other  that's what ames urowiecki author of the best seller 'isdom of the rowds' thinks. t's a fascinating book."},{"input":"ctually, they said it was an exaggeration to the whole sentence.  wonder if it was the 'multimillion' part that wasn't accurate, the 'oogle' part, or both? know there's a lot of engineers  ten times, maybe a hundred times the number of engineers at oogle  that just dream of working at oogle. ut  also think that the eddit founders are confident that they could get job at oogle if they wanted, even if eddit failed to be acquired or make money.","output":"'m not sure why oogle would acquire a site they could duplicate in a day. ssentially they would be acquiring a community of ispfanatics and aulrahamadherents. hat's the point?"},{"input":"ow! his is spot on! nd well done too!   hear these requirements all the time.","output":" was particularly impressed with the production values on the clip. o many people would present this as a blogstyle article, but the whipping boxes and cheery music really complete the package."},{"input":"mplementing uring machines is easier i suspect.  only tried rainfuck and nothing functional so long though.","output":"uring achines? ren't they just state machine  tape? hat's nontrivial in that?"},{"input":"he best part is one of those extensions is probably enuditor, which would let you cut your rightclick bar back down to size ","output":"'ve been looking for something like that."},{"input":" think this was brilliant. hey didn't do anything stupid like break the law and didn't intentionally harm anyone. hey were following the law just to show how ridiculous it is. ood stuff.","output":"xcept that the left lane is for passing only...so not quite so sure on following the law."},{"input":" think this was brilliant. hey didn't do anything stupid like break the law and didn't intentionally harm anyone. hey were following the law just to show how ridiculous it is. ood stuff.","output":"t's completely against the law. n some states it'd be illegal for obstructing traffic. n other states it would be illegal use of the passing lanes.'m delighted that someone would highlight the inanity and unenforceability of our traffic laws, but 'm rather dismayed that they'd choose such a reckless way to do it. t looks like no one got hurt directly, but they could have done real damage to someone stuck in that traffic jam. hey'll never know."},{"input":"ep, 'm pretty worried about that, but  hope  made it clear that this is very early.","output":"hat's the key point of arimba henomenon  don't launch too early."},{"input":"ith a new feature every day, 'd expect something specatular soon.","output":" new feature a day is actually a cute publicity idea."},{"input":"hat's the key point of arimba henomenon  don't launch too early.","output":" think the key point is don't overhype your product before it's done."},{"input":" new feature a day is actually a cute publicity idea.","output":"nd it's about releasing the feature, rather than developing it per day."},{"input":"ou know, the saddest part of this parody is that the only unrealistic part of that is the foldout system requirements. verything else looks exactly like an  product package. eesh.","output":"n fact, everything was so spotin that  wondered if icrosoft actually does that. t's been so long since 've bought any software product in a box that that trend could have certainly sneaked in."},{"input":"ops like that give cops everywhere a bad name. live in allahassee, and  can confirm what the story said the police department here is as professional as it gets.","output":" disagree. his video seems typical of cops around the world. n my life experiences, any time you debate a cop, they feel threatened and will act accordingly. 've found it's the rare cop who has it together to handle banter. esides, they're not trained to debate the merits of an argument, they're trained to protect the public by upholding the law. ometimes that protection thing is confused with status and law is a restraint by which they're annoying bound. on't debate cops under any circumstance. ake it to your politicians."},{"input":"t's completely against the law. n some states it'd be illegal for obstructing traffic. n other states it would be illegal use of the passing lanes.'m delighted that someone would highlight the inanity and unenforceability of our traffic laws, but 'm rather dismayed that they'd choose such a reckless way to do it. t looks like no one got hurt directly, but they could have done real damage to someone stuck in that traffic jam. hey'll never know.","output":"t's hard to see how it could be an illegal use of the lanes.  he leftmost lanes are for faster traffic, but if you are already traveling at the maximum allowed speed, it could easily be argued that you were clearly the fastest traffic."},{"input":"o...it's a wiki?","output":"exactly my thoughs. hat a waste of good "},{"input":"o...it's a wiki?","output":"nfogami seems subtly different from a wiki.  think it is more like ackpack. erhaps somewhere in between a wiki and ackpack.ith a little work, this would be perfect for creating and managing personal web sites.  mean web sites for typical users, not web geeks. 'm not sure if markdown is simple enough for that market, but it is a good start."},{"input":"oesn't work in afari, for one...","output":"se irefox."},{"input":"nd it's about releasing the feature, rather than developing it per day.","output":"ah,  think the icrosoft ord team already tried this."},{"input":"hich is why they need to have hearings to determine their status.","output":"ecret hearings with no oversight, basedsolely on the nature of the charge, are also known as witch trials."},{"input":"'m in ondon.  nyone else close?mdnaish on google mail.","output":"ntwerp, elgium."},{"input":"t's completely against the law. n some states it'd be illegal for obstructing traffic. n other states it would be illegal use of the passing lanes.'m delighted that someone would highlight the inanity and unenforceability of our traffic laws, but 'm rather dismayed that they'd choose such a reckless way to do it. t looks like no one got hurt directly, but they could have done real damage to someone stuck in that traffic jam. hey'll never know.","output":"dismayed that they'd choose such a reckless way to do it ?"},{"input":"it's a neat way to protest, but their reality tv video editing is a huge turn off.   lose all respect for them.  ust do it and film it, no need for the ealorld emoting.","output":"eah the traffic rolling back was especially ridiculously corny, it made me cringe."},{"input":"ell nly uby people have responded.   only know python, and  am a web programer.   like python because of it's structure.  ne can usually not help but make readable code.  his is not something  usually experience with other languages.  here  can just dive into the library code a quickly understand what is going on.  here is very little reward for super cleverness when it comes to python.   think this is a big deal it makes it easier to learn by reading.","output":"sng which approach tabs, spaces or a mix of both?   think ython's scope by indent creates as well as solves problems."},{"input":"hat ?!s this the promised we will change the way web sites are  made ?nother wikiblog ? was thinking along the lines killer ubyonails.ho needs another static editableinbrowser web site ? mean we already have lot's of this kind of software.here's database backend ?ell me you will have one, or  ! gtlt","output":"f you had read the post you'd know he axed a ton of work and basically started from scratch last week. ive it a little time before you start spazzing out."},{"input":"wesome, much selfcontrol needed to not try that right now.","output":" could have used this a couple weeks ago, always good to have a guide specific to your platform."},{"input":"mo, we need a more general programming subreddit before we get something like this.","output":" suspect that subreddits will eventually lead to tags.  o you would be able to tag a  with cs, programming, and whatever else you want.  ith a reasonable mechanism for promoting and demoting s with respect to a subset of their tags, there may not be a need to keep the number of subreddits small.  n such a scenario, there would be no need to suggest subreddits at all."},{"input":" suspect that subreddits will eventually lead to tags.  o you would be able to tag a  with cs, programming, and whatever else you want.  ith a reasonable mechanism for promoting and demoting s with respect to a subset of their tags, there may not be a need to keep the number of subreddits small.  n such a scenario, there would be no need to suggest subreddits at all.","output":" see no real problem with the current crossposting of articles that pertain to more than one subreddit as is done now. he key to this is not creating too many subreddits that would overlap.o further jesusphreak's idea, if we were to make a subreddit on programming it should cover material that is not already well covered by the main reddit. erhapse an in depth functional programming reddit since those usually score low or a python cookbook reddit?"},{"input":"ctually crowds seem to be pretty effective if they are heterogeneous to some degree and don't influence each other  that's what ames urowiecki author of the best seller 'isdom of the rowds' thinks. t's a fascinating book.","output":"o how do you get that don't influence each other part right in the real world? ill off the financial press?"},{"input":"hat's the difference between crossposting to multiple usenet newsgroups and to multiple reddits?s the number of users scales up  suspect there will be no difference between the two at all. rossposting will be considered spamming.","output":"xactly. e don't want to be deprived of interesting, relavent links because the submitter was afraid to post to too many groups."},{"input":" key quality of reddit is that its interface is very simple. here are more complex interfaces out there but the simplicity of two arrows makes reddit somewhat unique.ags would add a whole other level of work in setting organizing one's favorites.","output":"es, tags would add a new level of complexity.  ut they might be better than some arbitrary selection of subreddits."},{"input":"what's the diff between the two?","output":"hen you spam reddit, people will demote your s, thus making it less likely that your future  submissions will end up as a recommendation for them. his in turn reduces the chances that you can spread news in the future, since fewer people will likely see your .his penalty for spamming applies to crossposting also, so crossposting should not be a problem."},{"input":"hen you spam reddit, people will demote your s, thus making it less likely that your future  submissions will end up as a recommendation for them. his in turn reduces the chances that you can spread news in the future, since fewer people will likely see your .his penalty for spamming applies to crossposting also, so crossposting should not be a problem.","output":"'m just saying that deciding on all the groups to post to, that is if their are many similar groups, places a heavier burden on the the submitter. his burden is quite light with the current system."},{"input":"ut would this come too close to being a delicous clone?","output":"ell, you never know what del.icio.us will do. t might be that both services will eventually converge to something similar. ut so what?"},{"input":"ell, you never know what del.icio.us will do. t might be that both services will eventually converge to something similar. ut so what?","output":"del.icio.us is already huge and has heavy financial backing. o we really want to fight them at their own game?"},{"input":"ut  enjoy several non related fields. occer and functional programming for example.  don't want people's reccomendations from one influencing the reccomendations  get in another for obvious reasons.","output":" don't understand. f they're unrelated there's unlikely to be overlap between them anyway, right?hat  meant was that tags could help a recommendation engine. nstead of like delicious inbox where you have to specify what tags you care about, you leave it up to the great algorithm in the sky, and it can be arbitrarily smart about using all the information about a post  all the tags and all the comments and the identities of people who posted  in deciding if you'll be interested."},{"input":" don't understand. f they're unrelated there's unlikely to be overlap between them anyway, right?hat  meant was that tags could help a recommendation engine. nstead of like delicious inbox where you have to specify what tags you care about, you leave it up to the great algorithm in the sky, and it can be arbitrarily smart about using all the information about a post  all the tags and all the comments and the identities of people who posted  in deciding if you'll be interested.","output":"ood point. he recomendation engine is in sore need of some improvements.erhapse the arrows alone are not enough data for effective recomendation in the first place?"},{"input":"fascist country.","output":"couldn't agree more, dre.can we please start killing cops? copit's a free countrycitizenswell actually not with you around, but we can fix that"},{"input":"ah,  think the icrosoft ord team already tried this.","output":"on't want to end up in debt like them!"},{"input":"omment folding would be good.  haven't seen that in many discussion boards either.unning with the google groups example or gg, when you view a topic you can only see maybe  comments per page in the frames view. his has the advantage in that only that many messages are marked as viewed which is especially useful in a large thread that you have to take a break from reading and come back to later.side from this problem with overmarking of comments as viewed,  think that this is a good idea.  simple color change at the header of the comment would work. his was mentioned in another thread somewhere around here. think the reddit guys should go for it.ne more thing. he minimum width on these comments needs to be increased just a bit. ait,  know","output":"yeah, good ideas all. 've pointed feedbackreddit to this thread.ow do you do the dashes? ll  get is this hr."},{"input":" think the key point is don't overhype your product before it's done.","output":" think that if your limited in the development you can do but are still puting a lot into early , you should simplify your product very much and make it look nice and clean. hen everyone has much less to complain about."},{"input":"hat ?!s this the promised we will change the way web sites are  made ?nother wikiblog ? was thinking along the lines killer ubyonails.ho needs another static editableinbrowser web site ? mean we already have lot's of this kind of software.here's database backend ?ell me you will have one, or  ! gtlt","output":"e already have one, it's just not exposed yet."},{"input":"ww, look at them, they're making a ifference.  hear the legislature instantly convened an emergency session to raise the speed limits. ho says selfrighteousness isn't effective?","output":"aybe they should use an online petition instead."},{"input":"'m not sure why oogle would acquire a site they could duplicate in a day. ssentially they would be acquiring a community of ispfanatics and aulrahamadherents. hat's the point?","output":"ctually, the community here is bigger than all of the ispfanatics and aulrahamadherents in the world. here are a lot of people interested in science and politics here, as can be seen by the sites that make it to the top.lso, aulrahamadherents is an absolutely ridiculous insult. ll of the people 've met who read aul raham religiously think for themselves, and disagree with him on a number of issues."},{"input":"ctually, the community here is bigger than all of the ispfanatics and aulrahamadherents in the world. here are a lot of people interested in science and politics here, as can be seen by the sites that make it to the top.lso, aulrahamadherents is an absolutely ridiculous insult. ll of the people 've met who read aul raham religiously think for themselves, and disagree with him on a number of issues.","output":"t wasn't meant to be an insult. 'm part of this community, remember?"},{"input":"on't want to end up in debt like them!","output":"ou don't have to worry about that, since eddit can obviously leverage its massive desktop monopoly."},{"input":"oesn't work in afari, for one...","output":"writely.com can work on safari... check the writely forum i posted there how to enter writely using safari"},{"input":"great article","output":"othing like patting yourself on the back, eh?"},{"input":" live in ortland, regon. here is a group of bike riding nutjobs that will occassionally go enmasse on the freeway. raffic is stalled by it and there are never enough cops to hunt them all down when the police do respond. have always wanted a few of those rubber pellet grenades for exactly that kind of thing. emonstrations are fine, but make sure they target the people who are causing the problem, not those who suffer from it.","output":"rm...seeing as those bike riding nutjobs are usually doing it memory of bikers killed because motorists didn't share the road, 'd say they're pretty effective, wouldn't you, senzei?"},{"input":"hen linton. was prez the  got audited, oh ig urprise! hey all do this the answer   !","output":"o did aula ones and the former  agent who wrote a critical book about working the linton hite ouse. idn't hear too much about that except from ox ews.urprise  gov't officials use their power to abuse office!"},{"input":"a neat idea, but way,  out of date. the guy wrote this primitive type compiler based on ython .., which was ages ago now. pity he hasn't maintained it to keep up with the ython times, this could have evolved into something really useful by now.","output":"eah,  was suprised at the age. t's an interesting idea and informative of how the python virtual machine works and how it could be speeded up."},{"input":" love the size comparisons. he only way to measure a giant squid in in ondon buses!","output":"ootball pitches are popular too."},{"input":"hen pple says these are available immediately, does that really mean  can buy one tonight from an pple retail store?","output":"es you can order it. hey might not start shipping now though."},{"input":"f you had read the post you'd know he axed a ton of work and basically started from scratch last week. ive it a little time before you start spazzing out.","output":"t's a mistake to publicly release something this preliminary. his is especially true given the high level of anticipation, and expectation in the reddit community.lso, 'd get rid of the apologetic quote on top of the site. ar from enhancing their credibility,  think it undermines it.deas are cheap implementation is everything. ou need to be able to show some magic, even in early demos."}]